,Ratings,Full_review,Object,length
0,5,"I was a bit skeptical about buying this laptop as my first laptop with my first earnings. I didn't want regretful purchase. Although there were many powerful windows laptops, beefed up with specs in this category, I wanted one which could last for quite sometime and have decent battery life.  And since, it's a 'laptop' we should be able to use it on a lap and take it along while traveling with ease. These were my requirements. Being a PC user for the last 10 years, I was still going over whet...",Laptop,500
1,5,"Highly recommended, the packing was fantastic, macbook feels very rich no doubt and it has its own fluidity, i m having a gr8 experience with this beauty after switching from a windows pc. Awesome product love u mac.",Laptop,216
2,4,"I wanted to buy a laptoo fir mild use which will serve me smoothly for atleast 4-5 years.. im a student and my parents use it just to browse , listen to music , facetime and all those basic things.. i dont about the technical aspects so I'll give a review thats more on the informal side.... The os is very smooth and easy to use and rhe best thing about macbook is that its more like an iphone.. you can download apps and you can make the same gestures on the touchpad as you would do on iphone ...",Laptop,499
3,5,"apple is best among all, even it is 2017 model its design& day to day performance is fast, it's display is also good but not best as in highend models but it can complete the tasks it is better the other laptops at this price as it is apple, u will get blody satisfaction by this, no words to to express it.",Laptop,307
4,5,A decent purchase at very low rate thanks to flipkart's sale offer..good packing and faster delivery. I found it a bit hard to use in the beginning since I was a Windows user for the past 12 years..but once your familiar it's really fun to use apple ecosystem..I would recommend as this is a good buy..since all the other newer versions of apple have USB type c ports which is not widely used which will result in buying an adaptor.,Laptop,432
5,5,"this is an awesome laptop it's good for programmers actually because programmers don't need much of video memory because there is not a lot of graphic intensive task that they do it's just about a good multi core processor. also when you have such a good build quality in a laptop you kind of are more focused into your work because you feel good when your working. :) and also there is a lot of online resources you can look come to for its review... thanks for making such good product, apple.",Laptop,495
6,5,"I bought this laptop after wondering if it's justified enough for me to purchase a MacBook Pro 13"" in India which costed nearly 122k with just 8 GB RAM and 256 GB SSD, now having purchased a base config MacBook Air, I am very happy, mainly because I was able to buy it for under 45k by exchanging my older Lenovo laptop which was giving me a severe headache.  I'm a software engineer and I have a company issued MacBook Pro 15"" late 2016, I wanted a MacBook which I could use for my personal tasks...",Laptop,500
7,5,"2017 model MacBook Air in 2019 or 2020 ?? Why not..! This is a really fabulous product, Its not about latest model or old model, I believe you need to select product based on your profession and requirements I am an IT programmer and this product fulfils my all requirements. Ever since I switch to Mac from Windows my work gets easy and efficient. The most important factor here is OS, Its superb and way way better than Windows. Tho it has 5th Gen i5 Processor, it is as good as i7 6/7th Gen i...",Laptop,498
8,5,I used to actually for 1 year and after that i am writing this review... I bought it in sept 2019 BBD for 49000/- Rs on sale and for me it is like a very good product.. I will suggest you to actually buy a back cover with the mac as well as it will help you to protect your mac much better. With each update the functionality becomes better. i will divide this mac in between pros and cons. PROS: 1) Battery life is amazing 9-10hours to the max even if you use it continuously. 2) Can edit videos...,Laptop,499
9,5,excellent performance as expected.Camera quality is very good compare to others.Battery life is just a nightmare for other laptops.This mac is best for those users whose idea empowers towards multitasking.Charging point is magnetic and protected from a cover.Long charging wire and a classic design.Overall a very good choice for multitaskers.Finally great delivery by flipkart everything is okay inside the box and packaging is just terrific,Laptop,442
10,5,I am very happy with the product and the Flipkart services...guys don't go for other laptops in this budget....it's very smooth portable and good graphics too.....it's very good laptop for average users acc to me more than that...brand name also matters....the people who says dsplay is terrible I want to say to those guys that display is not bad ...it's very good ...the only drawback is viewing angle other wise 10 out 10 for dis laptop.,Laptop,440
11,5,this message is only for those who wants to learn or develop mobile apps. I bought this Macbook in November 2019. and the very first I installed android atudio. yes I'm an android developer. I tried running android studio and this beauty handles it very smoothly. I didn't faced any lag or hang. so I fired up android emulator too just to know if it can handle or not. But surprisingly the machine handled that too. I was amazed. There's some lag on emulator but it still handles it and doesn't s...,Laptop,499
12,4,"Its a beast that u can't judge without using it. I don't know what have Apple done to this laptop (you can refer it as Black Magic), Best in class performance, no other laptop can beat its speed in this price range and nearer high range laptops. And believe me you can BOAST about your battery amongst ur friends if they don't have this model with them may ot be Macbook or Macbook pro, none of the windows laptop stands anywhere infront of this little miniature beast in case of battery. You own ...",Laptop,500
13,5,"who can complain about apple, it is a wonderful piece . sound quality is mind-blowing , never expected that much actually . camera is decent enough and the build up is awesome",Laptop,175
14,5,"This is one the best product Iam buying from flipkart thanks for the retailer ""truecomm"" I was worried how will me laptop be. But once I got my product it was fresh and branded. I bought this in big billion day offer for a cheapest price. This MacBook Air apart from everyone's negative view is a great laptop. If you are a gamer go for something else. This looks so good.",Laptop,372
15,1,quite frankly not worth in case you are looking to purchase a business laptop. just wasted my money on this product.  some negatives are mentioned below  1. in case you are extensive user of Excel sheets then this laptop is not for you. As majority of the functions in Excel won't work on this product. I have been told by the apple support to install Windows OS 😂 instead if I have that kind of work  2. in case you are a gamer don't purchase this product. Processing is not optemized to ensure ...,Laptop,499
16,1,Nice product awsome look and performance as i expected to be But my charger is heating up♨♨ very fast As too much that i can't hold it,Laptop,134
17,4,What can I say about this awesome product . Bought this laptop for android dev. Working like pro smoothly running all programs But having some heating issue sometimes feel cpu heating.,Laptop,184
18,5,I previously had one with 4 GB ram now I have the same config with 8gb. It works like a charm. Bit lag for Android studio and xcode. But that is ok since they are heavy softwares. Running simulators was pain in my 4 GB Mac but this one is pretty fast. If you are looking something for 4-5 years with medium to heavy use (I use my Macbook for 8-9 hours per day every day) and don't want to spend anything on maintenance Go buy it. Anyways got it for 51k in Diwali offer. But even for 62k it is bett...,Laptop,500
19,5,"Wow amazing! what a laptop ,performance is just awesome . Best in value for money. Any cse student can get this, you will not face any software issue even if software is not available in iTunes App Store you can directly google it and download... So I’ll recommend go for it👍",Laptop,275
20,4,"Terrific deal, I got it just for ₹49k. the design is beautiful works perfectly battery is also good enough and charges very fast, updated with Macos Mojave and became a little slow while turning on. display should have been better.",Laptop,231
21,4,"I have been using this Laptop from past 5Months and i hope this review will help you decide whether you should get this Laptop in 2021 or not.  1. Performance(4/5) - Macbooks has one best thing that they are very easy to use and they work very smoothly so if you switch from Windows to mac believe me you'll love the experience of Mac environment. This mac does almost every task very smoothly like coding,picture editing or browsing 25apps at the same time or opening 100s of tabs in chrome at on...",Laptop,500
22,5,Very nice laptop. Easy to use and handle like a book. Different from windows but far better than in functionality. I love it.,Laptop,125
23,5,Go for it even if you are buying it in 2020 or 2021. Review after 3 months. Value for money. Latest MacOS Big Sur works smooth without any trouble. Can be used both for work and personal use seamlessly.,Laptop,202
24,5,"very good performance and nice design of this laptop. It's quite better then windows laptop of this price range speed and processing is fast but display colours are not vibrant but its not that bad too its good for normal works. Internal SSD storage is too less its a major issue with this MacBook, one can bought the 256gb variant but its cost is high and size is also smaller. I am using this from one month and its performance is very impressive and also apple services is top class. One issue...",Laptop,499
25,5,"Got it on 24th September under big bang sale for just 45k odd bucks. A truly value for money product. Prompt delivery from flip kart. Super fast, amazing look, feather light machine. Well an apple it is. So doesn't need any introduction. I have been a window users since the very beginning so a pleasant change for me.",Laptop,318
26,4,"I bought this in 2018 January for a whooping 44500/- deal. Apple doesn't compromise on their quality on any of their products and specially on their Mac products. Now coming to this Macbook Air A1466, this product is outdated with it's features and you don't get any authentic supplies like screen, Dock or landing zones, etc. from a third party vendor. I have tried buying them from the US as well and I'm out of choice. Hardware still supports the latest of the OS though. I have had trouble wor...",Laptop,500
27,5,"I read and watched many YouTube video and decided to buy this Macbook Air but in video, Many YouTuber said that the display is not good. but it is good for day to day use. if you are editor of video and pictures, It will be problem to you but you can buy 4k monitor for That. I bought it at 52k. I have ipad pro 9.7. If you want to buy it. Go for it. Save 50k for Ipad pro. This ipad will work as extra monitor for you as well as tablet too. Editing in final cut pro is good but not tried much and...",Laptop,500
28,5,"I used to make fun of Apple products being over priced and not worth the buy. I'd like to correct it, it is over priced but your spent on it is worth. After using an apple product there is no going back because they are awesome, so think before you buy because your life is going to start becoming expensive 😂",Laptop,309
29,5,Stylish elegant and attractive.  Owsome laptop by Apple and good to use battery life and laptop performance is owsome.  Most owsome part is his trackpad the way Apple think and design the laptop trackpad is owsome.  You can not find it any other laptop.,Laptop,253
30,5,"First Time Using MacBook I switched from windows. MacBook is very easy to use. Its like a mobile operating system. But really very powerful and lightweight. I purchased this MacBook because editing videos and programming. Its very smoothly doing these two works. People were saying about the display that is not great but I did not found anything less into it. Display is great. Everything is great, except memory storage. But because of this every time you need to clean garbage. And you need to ...",Laptop,500
31,5,This is my first review in Flipkart. My wife gifted me this MacBook air on anniversary. I was worried about the online purchase and authenticity. But I would like to assure you that I have received 100 percent original product. I have checked the serial number online. The packaging was perfect. I have received the laptop on 23.01.2020. till now it's well and good. Battery is awesome I am getting at least 10 hours in a single charge. My usage are mainly official and YouTube video watching. Ve...,Laptop,499
32,5,"I purchased my MacBook air from Flipkart at a great festive discount. This was the most inexpensive option available in the market at any of the shopping sites. I must say that I am completely satisfied with this purchase. The quality of laptop and the performance of the machine is brilliant. The best advise that I can give to anybody willing to purchase a laptop is to invest a little more and go for the best. MacBook Air is one of the best machines From the perspective of quality, display, w...",Laptop,500
33,5,"Thi product is awesome. Was a bit sad about the delivery because it took 24 hours more than expected delivery but Flipkart immediately added a gift card saying sorry which was cute. DELIVERY IS ALWAYS FAST for these products. Mine might have been an exception. Coming to laptop, Macbook is an all new experience. The laptop meets your expectations. For those switching from Windows do go through a Mac tutorials as there are a lot of hidden features which you want to unveil. PROS: Awesome battery...",Laptop,500
34,5,Best laptop at best price... i got it at 43500 amazing it is :),Laptop,63
35,5,"It's superb for entertainment, watching movies & battery performances is so good I am very happy with that.One major problem is that for official work or for the Ph.D scholars I would think it's not good as most of the windows applications are not supported in mac Os system so it would be difficult to run app like Origin,Chemdraw,Peakfit apps (which are not available in apple store excepy chemdraw although you need to pay for this monthly).",Laptop,444
36,5,"Better than any windows laptop in this price range.  Perfect laptop for college students. If you are a Web Developer then it's the best laptop for you.  I have bought this laptop for Android & iOS App Development. The performance of this laptop is much more superior than any other windows Laptop.  Android Studio loads up quickly, thanks to the 128 GB SSD. It runs smoothly. There is some heating when we load the Android Emulator. Combined Android Studio & Android Emulator takes about 4GB of Ra...",Laptop,500
37,5,Works like a Magic. I had doubts before buying ..after a week of using this product I'm totally satisfied with the product. Thanks to seller also for providing the genuine product.,Laptop,180
38,5,"Well it's Apple, so you can't really go wrong with it. Battery definitely lasts for 10 hours. If you're a Windows user, Mac Os will take some getting used to. No Microsoft office, so that's always a downer. But all in all a great laptop. Can't stress how compact and travel friendly it is! Definitely worth the kidney I sold for this haha",Laptop,338
39,5,"Simply The Best Laptop If U can Get It Under 50K. Most recommended for Law students and frequent travelers amazing speakers amazing speed the display doesn't feel bad if u. are upgrading from 30-40 k laptop but if u are coming down from higher specced PC or Laptop then only u can find the difference because of the smaller screen, the PPI is great so every content looks great I got it for 42K at Big. Billion Days Including Hdfc offers and exchanging an old android phone i definitely thi...",Laptop,493
40,5,"First Time Using MacBook I switched from windows. MacBook is very easy to use. Its like a mobile operating system. But really very powerful and lightweight. I purchased this MacBook because editing videos and programming. Its very smoothly doing these two works. People were saying about the display that is not great but I did not found anything less into it. Display is great. Everything is great, except memory storage. But because of this every time you need to clean garbage. And you need to ...",Laptop,500
41,5,This is my first review in Flipkart. My wife gifted me this MacBook air on anniversary. I was worried about the online purchase and authenticity. But I would like to assure you that I have received 100 percent original product. I have checked the serial number online. The packaging was perfect. I have received the laptop on 23.01.2020. till now it's well and good. Battery is awesome I am getting at least 10 hours in a single charge. My usage are mainly official and YouTube video watching. Ve...,Laptop,499
42,5,"I purchased my MacBook air from Flipkart at a great festive discount. This was the most inexpensive option available in the market at any of the shopping sites. I must say that I am completely satisfied with this purchase. The quality of laptop and the performance of the machine is brilliant. The best advise that I can give to anybody willing to purchase a laptop is to invest a little more and go for the best. MacBook Air is one of the best machines From the perspective of quality, display, w...",Laptop,500
43,5,"I was a bit skeptical about buying this laptop as my first laptop with my first earnings. I didn't want regretful purchase. Although there were many powerful windows laptops, beefed up with specs in this category, I wanted one which could last for quite sometime and have decent battery life.  And since, it's a 'laptop' we should be able to use it on a lap and take it along while traveling with ease. These were my requirements. Being a PC user for the last 10 years, I was still going over whet...",Laptop,500
44,5,"Highly recommended, the packing was fantastic, macbook feels very rich no doubt and it has its own fluidity, i m having a gr8 experience with this beauty after switching from a windows pc. Awesome product love u mac.",Laptop,216
45,5,"I wanted to buy a laptoo fir mild use which will serve me smoothly for atleast 4-5 years.. im a student and my parents use it just to browse , listen to music , facetime and all those basic things.. i dont about the technical aspects so I'll give a review thats more on the informal side.... The os is very smooth and easy to use and rhe best thing about macbook is that its more like an iphone.. you can download apps and you can make the same gestures on the touchpad as you would do on iphone ...",Laptop,499
46,5,"apple is best among all, even it is 2017 model its design& day to day performance is fast, it's display is also good but not best as in highend models but it can complete the tasks it is better the other laptops at this price as it is apple, u will get blody satisfaction by this, no words to to express it.",Laptop,307
47,5,A decent purchase at very low rate thanks to flipkart's sale offer..good packing and faster delivery. I found it a bit hard to use in the beginning since I was a Windows user for the past 12 years..but once your familiar it's really fun to use apple ecosystem..I would recommend as this is a good buy..since all the other newer versions of apple have USB type c ports which is not widely used which will result in buying an adaptor.,Laptop,432
48,5,"this is an awesome laptop it's good for programmers actually because programmers don't need much of video memory because there is not a lot of graphic intensive task that they do it's just about a good multi core processor. also when you have such a good build quality in a laptop you kind of are more focused into your work because you feel good when your working. :) and also there is a lot of online resources you can look come to for its review... thanks for making such good product, apple.",Laptop,495
49,5,"I bought this laptop after wondering if it's justified enough for me to purchase a MacBook Pro 13"" in India which costed nearly 122k with just 8 GB RAM and 256 GB SSD, now having purchased a base config MacBook Air, I am very happy, mainly because I was able to buy it for under 45k by exchanging my older Lenovo laptop which was giving me a severe headache.  I'm a software engineer and I have a company issued MacBook Pro 15"" late 2016, I wanted a MacBook which I could use for my personal tasks...",Laptop,500
50,5,"2017 model MacBook Air in 2019 or 2020 ?? Why not..! This is a really fabulous product, Its not about latest model or old model, I believe you need to select product based on your profession and requirements I am an IT programmer and this product fulfils my all requirements. Ever since I switch to Mac from Windows my work gets easy and efficient. The most important factor here is OS, Its superb and way way better than Windows. Tho it has 5th Gen i5 Processor, it is as good as i7 6/7th Gen i...",Laptop,498
51,5,I used to actually for 1 year and after that i am writing this review... I bought it in sept 2019 BBD for 49000/- Rs on sale and for me it is like a very good product.. I will suggest you to actually buy a back cover with the mac as well as it will help you to protect your mac much better. With each update the functionality becomes better. i will divide this mac in between pros and cons. PROS: 1) Battery life is amazing 9-10hours to the max even if you use it continuously. 2) Can edit videos...,Laptop,499
52,4,excellent performance as expected.Camera quality is very good compare to others.Battery life is just a nightmare for other laptops.This mac is best for those users whose idea empowers towards multitasking.Charging point is magnetic and protected from a cover.Long charging wire and a classic design.Overall a very good choice for multitaskers.Finally great delivery by flipkart everything is okay inside the box and packaging is just terrific,Laptop,442
53,5,I am very happy with the product and the Flipkart services...guys don't go for other laptops in this budget....it's very smooth portable and good graphics too.....it's very good laptop for average users acc to me more than that...brand name also matters....the people who says dsplay is terrible I want to say to those guys that display is not bad ...it's very good ...the only drawback is viewing angle other wise 10 out 10 for dis laptop.,Laptop,440
54,5,this message is only for those who wants to learn or develop mobile apps. I bought this Macbook in November 2019. and the very first I installed android atudio. yes I'm an android developer. I tried running android studio and this beauty handles it very smoothly. I didn't faced any lag or hang. so I fired up android emulator too just to know if it can handle or not. But surprisingly the machine handled that too. I was amazed. There's some lag on emulator but it still handles it and doesn't s...,Laptop,499
55,5,"Its a beast that u can't judge without using it. I don't know what have Apple done to this laptop (you can refer it as Black Magic), Best in class performance, no other laptop can beat its speed in this price range and nearer high range laptops. And believe me you can BOAST about your battery amongst ur friends if they don't have this model with them may ot be Macbook or Macbook pro, none of the windows laptop stands anywhere infront of this little miniature beast in case of battery. You own ...",Laptop,500
56,5,"who can complain about apple, it is a wonderful piece . sound quality is mind-blowing , never expected that much actually . camera is decent enough and the build up is awesome",Laptop,175
57,5,"This is one the best product Iam buying from flipkart thanks for the retailer ""truecomm"" I was worried how will me laptop be. But once I got my product it was fresh and branded. I bought this in big billion day offer for a cheapest price. This MacBook Air apart from everyone's negative view is a great laptop. If you are a gamer go for something else. This looks so good.",Laptop,372
58,5,quite frankly not worth in case you are looking to purchase a business laptop. just wasted my money on this product.  some negatives are mentioned below  1. in case you are extensive user of Excel sheets then this laptop is not for you. As majority of the functions in Excel won't work on this product. I have been told by the apple support to install Windows OS 😂 instead if I have that kind of work  2. in case you are a gamer don't purchase this product. Processing is not optemized to ensure ...,Laptop,499
59,5,Nice product awsome look and performance as i expected to be But my charger is heating up♨♨ very fast As too much that i can't hold it,Laptop,134
60,5,What can I say about this awesome product . Bought this laptop for android dev. Working like pro smoothly running all programs But having some heating issue sometimes feel cpu heating.,Laptop,184
61,5,I previously had one with 4 GB ram now I have the same config with 8gb. It works like a charm. Bit lag for Android studio and xcode. But that is ok since they are heavy softwares. Running simulators was pain in my 4 GB Mac but this one is pretty fast. If you are looking something for 4-5 years with medium to heavy use (I use my Macbook for 8-9 hours per day every day) and don't want to spend anything on maintenance Go buy it. Anyways got it for 51k in Diwali offer. But even for 62k it is bett...,Laptop,500
62,4,"Wow amazing! what a laptop ,performance is just awesome . Best in value for money. Any cse student can get this, you will not face any software issue even if software is not available in iTunes App Store you can directly google it and download... So I’ll recommend go for it👍",Laptop,275
63,5,"Terrific deal, I got it just for ₹49k. the design is beautiful works perfectly battery is also good enough and charges very fast, updated with Macos Mojave and became a little slow while turning on. display should have been better.",Laptop,231
64,5,"I have been using this Laptop from past 5Months and i hope this review will help you decide whether you should get this Laptop in 2021 or not.  1. Performance(4/5) - Macbooks has one best thing that they are very easy to use and they work very smoothly so if you switch from Windows to mac believe me you'll love the experience of Mac environment. This mac does almost every task very smoothly like coding,picture editing or browsing 25apps at the same time or opening 100s of tabs in chrome at on...",Laptop,500
65,1,Very nice laptop. Easy to use and handle like a book. Different from windows but far better than in functionality. I love it.,Laptop,125
66,1,Go for it even if you are buying it in 2020 or 2021. Review after 3 months. Value for money. Latest MacOS Big Sur works smooth without any trouble. Can be used both for work and personal use seamlessly.,Laptop,202
67,4,"very good performance and nice design of this laptop. It's quite better then windows laptop of this price range speed and processing is fast but display colours are not vibrant but its not that bad too its good for normal works. Internal SSD storage is too less its a major issue with this MacBook, one can bought the 256gb variant but its cost is high and size is also smaller. I am using this from one month and its performance is very impressive and also apple services is top class. One issue...",Laptop,499
68,5,"Got it on 24th September under big bang sale for just 45k odd bucks. A truly value for money product. Prompt delivery from flip kart. Super fast, amazing look, feather light machine. Well an apple it is. So doesn't need any introduction. I have been a window users since the very beginning so a pleasant change for me.",Laptop,318
69,5,"I bought this in 2018 January for a whooping 44500/- deal. Apple doesn't compromise on their quality on any of their products and specially on their Mac products. Now coming to this Macbook Air A1466, this product is outdated with it's features and you don't get any authentic supplies like screen, Dock or landing zones, etc. from a third party vendor. I have tried buying them from the US as well and I'm out of choice. Hardware still supports the latest of the OS though. I have had trouble wor...",Laptop,500
70,4,"I read and watched many YouTube video and decided to buy this Macbook Air but in video, Many YouTuber said that the display is not good. but it is good for day to day use. if you are editor of video and pictures, It will be problem to you but you can buy 4k monitor for That. I bought it at 52k. I have ipad pro 9.7. If you want to buy it. Go for it. Save 50k for Ipad pro. This ipad will work as extra monitor for you as well as tablet too. Editing in final cut pro is good but not tried much and...",Laptop,500
71,4,"I used to make fun of Apple products being over priced and not worth the buy. I'd like to correct it, it is over priced but your spent on it is worth. After using an apple product there is no going back because they are awesome, so think before you buy because your life is going to start becoming expensive 😂",Laptop,309
72,5,Stylish elegant and attractive.  Owsome laptop by Apple and good to use battery life and laptop performance is owsome.  Most owsome part is his trackpad the way Apple think and design the laptop trackpad is owsome.  You can not find it any other laptop.,Laptop,253
73,5,"First Time Using MacBook I switched from windows. MacBook is very easy to use. Its like a mobile operating system. But really very powerful and lightweight. I purchased this MacBook because editing videos and programming. Its very smoothly doing these two works. People were saying about the display that is not great but I did not found anything less into it. Display is great. Everything is great, except memory storage. But because of this every time you need to clean garbage. And you need to ...",Laptop,500
74,5,This is my first review in Flipkart. My wife gifted me this MacBook air on anniversary. I was worried about the online purchase and authenticity. But I would like to assure you that I have received 100 percent original product. I have checked the serial number online. The packaging was perfect. I have received the laptop on 23.01.2020. till now it's well and good. Battery is awesome I am getting at least 10 hours in a single charge. My usage are mainly official and YouTube video watching. Ve...,Laptop,499
75,5,"I purchased my MacBook air from Flipkart at a great festive discount. This was the most inexpensive option available in the market at any of the shopping sites. I must say that I am completely satisfied with this purchase. The quality of laptop and the performance of the machine is brilliant. The best advise that I can give to anybody willing to purchase a laptop is to invest a little more and go for the best. MacBook Air is one of the best machines From the perspective of quality, display, w...",Laptop,500
76,4,"Thi product is awesome. Was a bit sad about the delivery because it took 24 hours more than expected delivery but Flipkart immediately added a gift card saying sorry which was cute. DELIVERY IS ALWAYS FAST for these products. Mine might have been an exception. Coming to laptop, Macbook is an all new experience. The laptop meets your expectations. For those switching from Windows do go through a Mac tutorials as there are a lot of hidden features which you want to unveil. PROS: Awesome battery...",Laptop,500
77,5,Best laptop at best price... i got it at 43500 amazing it is :),Laptop,63
78,5,"It's superb for entertainment, watching movies & battery performances is so good I am very happy with that.One major problem is that for official work or for the Ph.D scholars I would think it's not good as most of the windows applications are not supported in mac Os system so it would be difficult to run app like Origin,Chemdraw,Peakfit apps (which are not available in apple store excepy chemdraw although you need to pay for this monthly).",Laptop,444
79,5,"Better than any windows laptop in this price range.  Perfect laptop for college students. If you are a Web Developer then it's the best laptop for you.  I have bought this laptop for Android & iOS App Development. The performance of this laptop is much more superior than any other windows Laptop.  Android Studio loads up quickly, thanks to the 128 GB SSD. It runs smoothly. There is some heating when we load the Android Emulator. Combined Android Studio & Android Emulator takes about 4GB of Ra...",Laptop,500
80,5,Works like a Magic. I had doubts before buying ..after a week of using this product I'm totally satisfied with the product. Thanks to seller also for providing the genuine product.,Laptop,180
81,5,"Well it's Apple, so you can't really go wrong with it. Battery definitely lasts for 10 hours. If you're a Windows user, Mac Os will take some getting used to. No Microsoft office, so that's always a downer. But all in all a great laptop. Can't stress how compact and travel friendly it is! Definitely worth the kidney I sold for this haha",Laptop,338
82,5,"Simply The Best Laptop If U can Get It Under 50K. Most recommended for Law students and frequent travelers amazing speakers amazing speed the display doesn't feel bad if u. are upgrading from 30-40 k laptop but if u are coming down from higher specced PC or Laptop then only u can find the difference because of the smaller screen, the PPI is great so every content looks great I got it for 42K at Big. Billion Days Including Hdfc offers and exchanging an old android phone i definitely thi...",Laptop,493
83,5,"I didn't know if I could leave my windows PC behind and switch to a Mac, but when I saw the deal thats was offered on the big sale, I took a leap of faith. Got this product at 45k, and having chosen the 'No cost EMI' that was available, it was an effortless purchase. One that I'm really glad of. The build quality is excellent, nothing that is offered by the counterparts running windows at this price. The OS is very beautiful, you can easily fall in love with it. And I can't say anything that ...",Laptop,500
84,5,"Received the laptop in neat packaging which was delivered 2 days prior to the due date. The MacBook Air is lightweight, has great battery performance, HD display, backlit keyboard and sleek finish.  Really happy with the purchase, thank you Flipkart!",Laptop,250
85,5,"it's obvious why apple products are so expensive, they work on following principles - 1. best quality in ergonomics 2. best quality in design 3.best quality in performance been over 6 months using macbook air, never have been so happy with a laptop before. got this at around 59k, updated to MacOS Mojave which is very powerful.",Laptop,328
86,5,"got it delivered within 24 hrs. thanks to Flipkart.  as of macbook is considered, I've used low end window systems before. so in comparison, SSD drive makes shut down super fast. start also fast enough. browser opens within a second.so much better than my previous experience. mac os is simpler than windows 10 imo.  laptop is sturdy. no flex. built like a tank. battery seems decent.  talking about display, color seems to be washed out a bit when watching YouTube videos. but for photos ...",Laptop,492
87,5,"After using number of Windows, this is my first Apple and using almost 3 years. This one is not superfast but behaves same way from day one to till date which is exactly laptop supposed to do. Built sturdy to carry around and light too. Recently bought Azus Zenbook , speedy one but built quality of Apple stands out Sound quality is also very good.",Laptop,349
88,5,"Good n NYC easy to handle got in very less price 50,500 good product for general use it is good",Laptop,95
89,5,"Outstanding note book...👍 High performance completely different & highly advance that window laptop. The best part is unique performance, ultra slim, low weight & aesthetically great looks made a perfect laptop in the market.👌👌 Those who choose apple MacBook 💻 will not again switch back over window laptop Overall a good & unique MacBook 💻",Laptop,340
90,5,Great Product. Delivered in proper packing and Delivery boy was very supportive and helpful,Laptop,91
91,5,"Superb machine for entry level computing. Unless you are too much obsessed with Windows OS, it is time to shift to MAC OS and it works great. Yes you can not run pirated softwares on Mac. But it is worth a try.",Laptop,210
92,5,"What can I say?? Its a beautiful piece just built amazingly. Love the track pad which is so soft and even though the screen is small and old, its worth every penny. Just buy it.",Laptop,177
93,5,"First time Mac users please read this. Best at this Price Point, even if it is increased from 55000 to 65000 within an year but still good. Yes when you are setting up your Mac please press on the trackpad because if you just click then it will not work you can change that to touch after setting up your Mac after going to settings. I use this Mac for all of my work like UI & UX Designing, 2D & 3D Animation, 3D modeling in blender, Video Editing etc. And it works great. You will find a bit he...",Laptop,499
94,4,"I was really excited to work on MacBook Air . The desig. js flawless ; it's lightweight , slim, gives a premium look , the touchpad design is also very simple , elegant and sophisticated . the issue which is troubling me now is the heating issue and the battery backup. There is a considerable heating issue in this laptop . Also the battery backup is really bad. So if you're to work for long hours , you'll always have to carry your charger along with you . Else the design and performance is ...",Laptop,498
95,5,"I was confused between this and MacBook pro. If you ain’t going to use it as a professional 4k video/photo editor or a hard core gamer go for MacBook Pro.  If you does light editing ( 1080p or less) for your YouTube channel and normal photoshop editing your photos, this machine works perfectly fine. Go for it without any doubt.  Pros: - Very Light weight - Great Performance - Cheapest Macbook available - SSD drive - Has MacOS (Virus free OS) - Great Apple ecosystem if you use iPhone and...",Laptop,494
96,5,I love this beautiful machine very powerful and perfect choice for iOS developer. Highly recommended for start development for iOS application.,Laptop,143
97,5,"Pros: Pretty much everything. Light weight, super smooth, amazing display, high performance etc. Cons: Less storage space. But it's working fine for me. even though I've installed lots of programming softwares including UNITY, Android Studio & xCode. ,",Laptop,252
98,5,"I bought this one for stability. This one is sleek, like super sleek and sexy. Although I miss the numeric keyboard but the stability, battery and performance makes up for it. And for those concerned about quality of screen, I will say it is far better than what reviewers here say. I mean I have worked on 15k laptop, a FHD laptop (my last one) and many others one. Even though pixel wise the display is a tad lower than FHD screen but nowhere bad like those windows HD screen. I love it. Other t...",Laptop,500
99,5,"A very good introductory Macbook. More than enough for day to day requirements. Light, thin, easy to carry and the refined Mac OS is a pleasure to use.",Laptop,151
100,5,"If you are looking for a laptop for a laptop based on speed, light and easy to use this one is the BEST at this price..... As you know most of the programmers and other persons in the software industry prefer macs for this specific reason. This one may be the base mode available in the range of mac's, This one comes with an 8 gigabit ram and Intel i5 processor and integrated graphics. You are not recommended to play any hardcore games , but for editing videos and photos this one is the best a...",Laptop,500
101,4,"The Dream has come true , finally i got my Mac Air . Not saying much , i say only that Mac is Mac is a Mac . No match with any one , Windows Laptop are Far Far behind . Build quality ,display , processor , Look ,feel etc etc is Best ...... Go with it you will never have such experience . Worth for Every coin you sept . Thanks Flipkart for great deal & 2 day delivery .",Laptop,370
102,5,Awesome laptop,Laptop,14
103,5,"Exactly one year back, i bought this. It's just awesome. Performance is far better than any other brand laptops in this price range. Worth every penny spend on it. It's my first apple product. Just loved it 😍 😘... I'm an android user, thinking of shifting to an iphone after buying this because of the excellent performance.  Thanks to flipkart for safe and early delivery😊.. !!!",Laptop,379
104,5,"I have used all company laptops, dell, Sony vaio, hp, Lenovo etc . This is the best. Great quality and smooth buttery performance. Don’t go by the specs. Apple always integrates software and hardware better than other company in the world.  Con: the operating system needs some time to get adjusted to. But once you learn it - you will be enjoying a fantastic experience.",Laptop,371
105,5,"apple macbook air mid 2017 is well known compact business machine. It weighs around 1.65 kg. It comes with Sierra mac os, upgradable with Mojave mac os. It has 128 GB of solid state ssd and 8 GB of ram. processor is it dual core 1.8 ghz. Body made of aluminium unibody. Keyboard is fine but unlike macbook pro, keys are made of polymer. The battery performance is great and you can keep the laptop in hibernation mode for weeks. I use it for typing, spreadsheet, occasional web surfing and hearin...",Laptop,499
106,5,The Product Is Awesome And As I Expected Its Worth.I loved It Awesome Performance And I M An Mechanical Engineer It Perfectly Fitted For My Designing Softwares . I Rated 4 Because Delivery Is Not Good .,Laptop,202
107,4,"I was using windows based laptops for many years now...things were okay till the time i bought ASUS laptop E203NAH in 2018 which made my life miserable and thats how i thought of moving out of windows based laptops.  I bought MAC book Air around 2-3 weeks back....it works like a charm...so fast , interfacing is so good....everything is just awesome....Every thing works well, battery back is unexpectedly too good...display is fine, sound quality is clear and loud....and it is superfast...BTW....",Laptop,499
108,5,"Great product even today! I brought this on june 2020. Performance is awesome, and ofcourse the interface is lovable, and above my expectations it handles MATLAB, and other IDE pretty well.Overall 5 star for product and for flipkart also for fast delivery.",Laptop,256
109,5,"Before buying Macbook, first anaylse your requiremnets. If you want a descent laptop with highest battery backup and which can be easily portable and you don't want it for gaming purpose. Then I must recommend you for the Macbook Air. The 2017 model which I have purchased performs well even when many apps are simultaneously open. Also if you are switching from windows to mac, then you will see the vast differences and you will love it. In short its a perfect laptop for general task such as do...",Laptop,500
110,5,"first time Mac user, performance wise far better than my old window laptop,look should be improved wrt the bezel rest are good. battery backup mentioned around 12 hour but it's around 8 hour with normal usage which is fine I guess. good for people who want to use premium laptop within reasonable budget.",Laptop,304
111,5,"It is perfect in all ways if anybody want any laptop. Then it is the best because it, itself inspire us to work",Laptop,111
112,5,"Excellent system for middle class developers. I am a freelancer / mobile developer, I need both android studio and xcode. This system is enough to work with both platforms. Nice packing and delivery by flipkart.",Laptop,211
113,5,thak you apple for such wonderful product with such satisfying price and excellent performance. thanks to flipkart too for too good services. worth buying.,Laptop,155
114,5,Wow the best laptop I have ever used!! It is an excellent piece of work done by apple. Mac os is simply the best os in the world. Once a Mac user always a Mac user.,Laptop,164
115,4,Apple..The name is enough to describe it's experience. it's awesome ... Very slim and smooth surface. just in love with it.,Laptop,123
116,5,Amazing product. Worth buying. With this price you will get high end specs with windows os but the stability of Mac os is 1000 tines way better than windows. Integration of external peripherals are ultimate. Watch videos if you are first time user.,Laptop,248
117,4,"Awesome product at such great price. On Flipkart got it with gud price tag, as compared to market with complete authenticity of product by Flipkart. Nicely packed and delivered by special delivery process by Flipkart.Purchased on 3 Sept and got delivered on 4 sept, Great delivery process by Flipkart.",Laptop,301
118,5,"very good product (light weight, high battery back up, reliable mac os, fast speed due to SSD and 8GB RAM, and doesn't heat up when used for long, and going by history of the product it should sustain all these good points even after years, unlike other laptops that deteriorate after few months or couple of years) and then unbeatable price as I bought it at final price of 48.5k",Laptop,380
119,5,"worth every Penny!  Apple ! Till now I used to work on Windows but after MacBook my views are completely change about apple products and seriously I love my MacBook, the way it's working never stuck no complain , lightening fast , hazel free charging problem and led backlit keyboard and last but not the least it's design, the features , security and operating system attracts me to work.  and I never get bored to working on it . These are the honest reviews from me , This light weight beauty c...",Laptop,500
120,5,"Bought it during BBD at around 43.5k,. First of all I would like to thank Flipkart for such a cheap bargain and quick delivery! Coming to laptop most of us know Mac OS is beast, Build quality is awesome and i5 processor is working so smooth like butter for daily tasks!",Laptop,269
121,5,Definitely one of the better laptops I have purchased. I have been using windows since the beginning and by beginning I mean windows 98 version. But am amazed by the ease of use of Mac os X. Contrary to the popular belief it's easy to use and surely very stable. The macbook air is very sleek and sturdy. It's been made to last. An enjoying working on it and will recommend it my friends.,Laptop,388
122,5,"Got it for 50.5K. Delivered in 4 days. Last BBD it was an ipad and this time it is a macbook air. Flipkart deserves all the commendation. About the product, silence is the best way to review this product. You have to see it and feel it to believe it. If it is your first apple product, you will just caress it for some days. If you have been a budget laptop user like me, the screen is infact an upgrade. There was hardly any better quality screen available in laptops if you have a 2-3 year old w...",Laptop,500
123,5,"Firstly Delivery was superfast. Product was properly packed And sealed. Its an apple product, you buy it because u are used to premium and hassle free interface. I previously had a macbook pro 2012 model was quite satisfied with it. But it had hdd drive, so the processing got little slow over time and it couldn’t keep up with the regular software updates and it started lagging. So i decided to with the air, because the price point was good and the new generation air are really nice but are a ...",Laptop,500
124,5,I purchased this laptop on march 14th 2020 and I have been coding in this since then only and it is awesome laptop and it doeanot lags as the windows laptops and it is runming smoothly even after so much of huge code and also i am using photoshop and it is working fine.Design is awesome and I like the keyboard and the glass touchpad of apple and it is simply marvellous.,Laptop,372
125,5,"very elegant. very satisfied. its the best amongst all. super fast operations, bright hd display, awesome sound quality and lightning fast processing. loved it.",Laptop,160
126,5,"A very good mac, low end but works well for lighter tasks. I myself code a bit, watch movies, browse, and edit photos with a breeze. You could push it to its extremes by doing video editing too. Overall most satisfying. A very good lappy at the budget. I am a CSE student so I did a bit of research before buying a lappy and decided on this one. If you have more budget then you can go for the new mac(2018 the one with Retina display and smaller bezels) which is totally awesome",Laptop,479
127,4,Mac OS is smooth and easy to use.... absolutely best buy for 2019 too....go for it with out a second thought.... don't get into too much research on screen pixel etc etc....for a normal user it's THE BEST laptop....not for gamers for sure....,Laptop,242
128,5,Beautiful Machine with great speed and nice battery back up ! Absolutely no hang ..nothing .Finally it's apple !! One drawback what I would like to mention is storage ..it would have been 256Gb . Rest is absolutely fine . Recommend to buy it !,Laptop,243
129,5,"Due to 1.8 GHz processor speed little slow other wise excelent product. really apple is a best brand, I purchased it Rs. 52K in big billian sale 2018. it's good looking, light weight,with good battary backup.",Laptop,208
130,5,"Ultimate Product and Complete Peace of Mind !!  I bought Mac Book Air 6 months ago during great India shopping day, stunning slim look and lowest weight. Best part is longest battery back up of 8-9 hrs.",Laptop,202
131,5,"One word Worthy MacBook boot time and apps launches pretty quickly because of SSD. Processor is quite fast and keyboard haptic feedback is great, backlit light bleed is very less. Battery performance top notch. One thing that this laptop lack is screen quality and resolution.. But you always have port to connect it in BIG screen.",Laptop,331
132,5,"Got it for 42k after exchange offer during the diwali sale. Got an August 2017 manufactured model, checked the serial number in Apple site and sure enough it had 1 year warranty. Packing was good and laptop was protected well.  It came with Mac os Sierra out of the box and there's a free upgrade to the latest os High Sierra. Performance is silky smooth but there's a steep learning curve if you're coming from windows. Although it's thin theres a reassuring weight to the machine. Better to get ...",Laptop,500
133,4,One of the finest product I have ever used in my life. Apple had really done very good job by manufacturing such a product within reach of a middle family income. Commendable job.,Laptop,179
134,5,"Good and fast ,only limitation is 128 gb storage,upgraded from Catalina to BIG SUR ,many good features like my iPhone and iPad mini get connected so that I can pickup phone from laptop MacBook Air itself and no need to enter passwords etc provided u have same Apple ID ,compatible with Microsoft PowerPoint which I purchased separately",Laptop,335
135,5,"Hello,  Here is my Review after 10 days of purchase  Pro : 1.Smoothness 2.Superb battery backup 3. No hang, no lagging 4. After sell support from apple just wow 5. smooth for photoshop  Cons: 1. Charger problem, Overheated (May be in my case Only) 2. For video editing for many layers and clips not suitable (suitable for inroom simple videos)",Laptop,343
136,5,I could say this is the one of the best investment I have done.  The macbook air works perfectly for all my home and office work. The i5 processor is simultaneously able to handle the : -  1. Four Google Chrome Tabs 2. Three excel sheets 3. Two Word documents. 4. Microsoft Teams 5. Netflix 6. Youtube  I have not been able to find any performance issues so far. The applications switch smoothly between each other. The video call on Teams works perfectly without any glitches. The sound quality...,Laptop,498
137,5,"It is my first time when i was working on Macintosh and i am really impressed. It's been 7 months i have been using it, it never hanged till date and performance is great as compare to windows . For windows user who are facing issues with chrome, they will definitely go in love with this laptop. Battery backup is also good, it gives around 8-9 hrs of backup, if you are continuously working on it. Overall it's a good package, just go for it .",Laptop,445
138,4,"I was little bit hesitant while buying it but since my wife loves Apple a lot, so it was the best gift option for me on her birthday. she was awfully struck with surprise while unboxing the pack.I have happily migrated from Windows to Mac now, its robust, stylish and exorbitant speed. perfect purchase. Thank you Flipkart and Seller",Laptop,333
139,5,"Good product for software developer .when i used this laptop for web development and software development like python and its library its quite good for that.it also good for simple deep learning model creations and data science project . storage is less . its fast compare to windows i5, its smooth compare to windows any machines . but when i used this laptop for virtual machine it is not quite good for that bcz of less storage and i5 processor .when u used this laptop for virtual machine bat...",Laptop,500
140,5,"I am fully satisfied with this Apple laptop in this price range. Its 2019 manufacturing with original software, excellent battery backup. Thanks to Flipkart & waiting for more offers like this.",Laptop,193
141,5,"After using Windows for more than a decade, I started using iPad. Impressed by the user friendliness of iPad I bought macbook air.  Pros: Very light, Long battery life (about one day of use), User friendly, very stable system (does not hang or crash), very good sound and picture quality, good metallic built, the experience of the mac ecosystem (iPad+macbook+iPod) is simply mind blowing (specially the air drop feature).  Cons: If you are planning to play games....this is not for you, this is a...",Laptop,500
142,4,"- using for coding and Xcode work well in this - space is little less , we take back in 2 months - design is great - 2017 model we get and registered into apple support website - great for browsing - for photoshop designing not so good",Laptop,235
143,4,"If you are looking at a laptop with good performance and good battery life and want to do programming this laptop is for you. There are some pros and cons in this laptop.  Pros : 1. The Build quality is premium which we expect from Apple. 2. The person who wants to install IDE's for development purpose, these IDE's run extremely well and this laptop is also good for video editing purpose. 3. Battery life is good it gives 6-8 hours of battery backup 4. Keypad is very lite and doesn't make soun...",Laptop,500
144,5,"awesomeness is the word. awesome speed, awesome battery, awesome multi tasking, awesome (light) weight, awesome touch pad (no use of mouse reqd)",Laptop,144
145,5,"Good laptop. For people who have normal use like for office. This is perfect. However, battery could have improved more. Charger cable get torn after few months, would recommend people to buy spiral band to avoid any wear and tear in cable.",Laptop,240
146,4,Got it in 47000 in Big Billion Sale 2018. Being a Windows user I must say MacBook is amazing. Initially it might feel a little odd in getting comfortable with the UI but once you are comfortable nothing stops you. A Linux user can easily familiarize himself with the OS. Boot Time and Battery backup is the best part. Storage size is a bit of a concern.,Laptop,353
147,5,"no matter what, Macbook is always way ahead of its competitors in case of performance. Although screen is not a retina display but far far better then other windows laptops. Good for daily light usage. Fast to boot and easy to use. You can also do light weight development as well. Works absolutely fine with IntelliJ.",Laptop,318
148,5,"Amazing product. I got it for my development and believe me it works so well with Android studio, jet brains ide. Till now no performance issues.",Laptop,145
149,5,"First, Flipkart is just too good at delivery! Product is perfect. Bought it in a hurry in the festive sale, as Apple raised the price of even the old model of Air by 17k. Overall. The product is good, handles office level multitasking pretty well. Though I had two instances of a slight lag for 3 seconds... (I had 25 application windows open at that Time). Typing is a breeze, adjust the keyboard setting ls to your speed, and it's great. The fluid design of the OS is known to all. Battery stan...",Laptop,499
150,5,"Display sucks, battery life is great, portable enough so don't think of weight, battery life good enough you don't have to carry n charger everytime",Laptop,148
151,5,"The product is insane. Superb speed and finesse both in terms of looks and in terms of performance. For people who fear they worked kn windows their entire life and now mac might be difficult, go buy it man.. nothing like that..you can learn it in a day..its amazing.. worth buying at this amazing price..",Laptop,305
152,4,"So much Happy.. The Macbook Air is good and premium.The most youtube review says its display and viewing angles are bad but its not true.its having decent display look good,if you are moving from Windows to Mac using 30-40k windows laptop then you cant have any single complain.Besides the storage you can use an external Hard Drive for storing moving and extra stuff for normal storing purpose its great with required software in it. I so happy to get this device.",Laptop,465
153,5,"It's an Apple product so rest assured your not going to be disappointed even the slightest, great battery life, nice display, smooth Mac OS, can do casual gaming, top notch creativity machine. Fast delivery by Flipkart and great customer support. Money spent well",Laptop,263
154,5,"It was very well packaged and delivered on time. Works like a dream, boots in seconds, even faster than some phones! Very smooth and is really good for web browsing, watching movies, light video and photo editing- that means you can edit vlogs easily in HD quality. Happy with the battery backup lasts close to 5-6 Hrs depending on the usage. Really happy that I didn’t buy windows at the same price!  Go for it, you won’t regret this super light robust laptop!",Laptop,461
155,5,"Product is good. Very thin, light weight and portable. Although storage is very less only 98gb available from 120gb. Only 2 usb port. Charging adaptor is very handy easy to cary.  Editing the review after updating to big sur, it really lagging now. A windows laptop with ssd is much better than MacBook, because in future updates there are not going to slow down there machines intentionally. So that user buy the new one. Not value for money.",Laptop,443
156,4,"My Review after one month of usage. I would like to say Awesome product, Awesome Service, Awesome Delivery. Thank you Flipkart, Apple and Ekart Logistics as well.",Laptop,162
157,2,"It's awesome. I was waiting to buy this from long time. Finally I bought it at very good price 43k, thanks Flipkart sale.  For 43k I got MacBook air 2017. MacOS will blow ur mind. It's worth every penny your are paying. Everyone know the pros, the only con is screen. But trust me guys display is still awesome. It gives immense pleasure to work on Mac. It's must buy unless you are a gamer.",Laptop,391
158,5,"I got it at 49K, I was planning to buy one from Inspire at 60K. Got it at best possible price, in best possible packing and it got delivered within 3 days from the day I placed an order.  Thanks to Flipkart - Best e-commerce product in India.",Laptop,242
159,5,You have seen different reviews and also read about Mac so what I will tell you is you require to know. Pros What I got is Aug 2017 model of Mac. Pros Nearly no virus problem Starts very fast Looks so premium and out of the league. Light weight... Conclusion is hardware n build quality is best no point of comparison.  Cons for Windows user Mac OS. Not so user friendly. When u stuck on something u have to do it using script on command prompt linux based.  No HDD only SSD of 128gb No CD Rom N...,Laptop,498
160,5,"Best in class.  Bought it on big billion day offer.Its my first Apple product.Its easier than Windows as per me.It has a very classy look and sturdy built quality.Its very light compared to other laptops.The display is bit low,but we have to sacrifice atleast one to this stunning device.Finally I loved this superb product from Apple and lots of thanks to Flipkart for its good packaging service.Obviously I must rate this product 5⭐.",Laptop,435
161,5,You want happiness? You gotta work for it man! Good luck.. And mac is beautiful and fast AF,Laptop,91
162,5,Best,Laptop,4
163,5,"I have been using macbook pro since 2 year. Now on flipkart exchanged with this macbook air at first glance it's pretty good looking device, thin, very light, attractive. Performance is good. Best part is TouchPad, smooth operating system which makes it different. People will say I'm using macbook so I'm telling all good about it but i sah try and see ur self. It's very nice to have a basic light weight and pretty good laptop.",Laptop,430
164,5,it's just a nice product,Laptop,24
165,5,This is my 2nd Macbook air. The best part about this laptop is you can also use windows operating system with this.,Laptop,115
166,5,When open the flap and start it you get the feel of this big package come in small size and elegant design . Finest creation of apple is helping out people to give an unprecedented experience of finesse quality speed performance and user friendly interface alongwith beautiful ergonomic design . Hats off,Laptop,304
167,5,"User friendly, nice design. using it for web development (PHP laravel JavaScript reactjs...) and working beautifully. great product for general use (surfing, movies, office...), not for gaming.",Laptop,193
168,5,Best product at best price,Laptop,26
169,5,"Awesome 😎😎 It is my first apple product and i am very impressed, laptop came with good packing . Delivery was super fast. I have used for 2 days and its funtastic. I have upgraded to lastest OS Mojave. It is awesome.",Laptop,216
170,5,It's is quite good n really amazing at 45k budget I love this product but delivery is very late. Battery backup is super very slim n well design n compacted,Laptop,156
171,5,quality is not good. keypad is not as apple is known for. as i think you will find better option in this price. I will not recommend for this product. total wastage of money. only those who have extra money they buy and give good review but if you really care for money never go for this product. Performance is not good after using a week. sound quality is average color is average most bad thing is its keypad. as i am using mackbook pro there is a lot difference in keypad. just buy if you ...,Laptop,496
172,5,I have been an apple fan for the last 20 years and continue to be one.  The MAC Air has been a long cherished need for my work and it fits in well. The form factor and functionality is enviable.  With the numerous apps that are available. It is indispensable as a working tool.,Laptop,277
173,5,"I had planned to buy this during the Big Billion Day Sale. With special discount on cards etc. i got a great deal. Now if one can compare it with any other windows laptops from good brands, this is cheaper or almost equivalent. But user experience from this product is butter smooth. Have been using since Oct '2018. No complaint. I have switched, in fact, from windows to Mac OS and found why people prefer Mac. And, thanks to Flipkart for making the product affordable.",Laptop,471
174,4,without a doubt I trust Flipkart. such a wonderful product received in perfect packing. @ just 49990 on big billion day. No one can beat this price. In Apple store it was available for 69500. Thank you Flipkart.,Laptop,211
175,5,Firstly I would suggest you to buy it only if it matches your requirements and don't judge things by its Logo. Reasons to buy this: *Design is best one I have ever seen.✓✓✓✓✓ *Battery sexiest battery ever✓✓✓✓✓ *Processor✓✓✓✓✓ *Best thing I loved is its Charger. It's just amazing✓✓✓✓✓(Smallest laptop charger I have ever seen) *Portable (Light Weight and It's best battery makes it easier to carry any where u want) *Performance✓✓✓✓✓ *Glowing Logo(My personal Reason)(You won't get this glowing Lo...,Laptop,500
176,5,superb.. i just love n love it.. go n buy now its really worth it..! :) its very slim n very light weight n i got 2018 manufactured model. Apple Lovers Go Ahead.,Laptop,161
177,2,This is my first apple product and I am so happy after purchasing it awesome performance and very nice product of apple and still good in battery,Laptop,145
178,1,"A little high on price but the performance is extremely good. Sleek design and light weight. Easy to carry. Fits anywhere. Unlike windows, the performance is quite impressive. If you’re into creative designing or graphic designing this is perfect. With iMovies you can create amazing graphics.",Laptop,293
179,5,"genuine apple MacBook received. the inside product packet was well packed however outer box looked very carelessly packed.. ALso the delivery person just ran away without even taking my signature. this is a security flaw , how do we know that packet was handed over to customer. if delivery boys are signing delivery receipt themsleves then it is a big issue. thankfully -I have reveived a genuine August 2018 imported MacBook. I dont have to give product description as it is dream produ...",Laptop,491
180,5,"Very nice , just like i imagined. Still not very happy with flipkart as they delayed it for 3 days. But produce is extremely well. We did recorded the video for opening and as usual it was real product.  spec and everything is as per image. Thanks flipkart.",Laptop,257
181,5,all know apple is best ...it is more than awesome but here flickark is best for online shopping ..,Laptop,98
182,5,this is an amazing product as always. apple has been amazing and rocking the sound is appreciable and battery life is amazing the weight is really less making it more convenient to carry the build quality is amazing it's worth buying in 2017,Laptop,241
183,5,"I have an avid user of Microsoft products, but lately has used mac during some office work. and i loved it instantly. was waiting for a great deal, which i got at this moment, got my Mac only for 39K.  The best parts: 1) Screen is awesome, doesn't grow on your eyes. 2) Keyboard is smooth and fluid. 3) Battery is awesome in comparison to Microsoft products 4) System is fastest, and data transfer and download via internet or pen-drive is good.  Cons: 1) Battery last only 10 hours on heavy usag...",Laptop,499
184,4,The product received was well packed and safe. The best part was it was Sept 2019 imported so not that old piece. I basically am not a very heavy user of laptops. Basically use it for normal browsing and nowadays for kids online classes. Working well. Battery life is 6-7 hrs. Standby mode is good where the battery is in very minimal use. But we are not buying this expensive product for standby mode. Processor is fast and very responsive. That's the best part. Really good for kids to prepare ...,Laptop,499
185,5,"Earlier I was a windows user and used a Dell Inspiron for almost 8 years. As I passed out of college, now my requirement from my laptop changed. I wanted a laptop which is rigid, descent looking, compact in size and most important the battery backup. MacBook Air proved itself in every aspect I wanted. I am really happy with the product and I will recommend this product for all the professionals. I got this laptop for 52k with my old laptop exchanged.",Laptop,454
186,5,"I am a B.Tech CS student. I am using it. It's just awesome. it's so light weight that you can carry it anywhere. the battery is so oooo good. Also it opens matlab and Pucharm in just 7 sec and 5 sec respectively, which is mind blowing . The storage which you get it out of the box is 98 gb, which is not actually sufficient but you can manage easily if you are a professional user., and doesn't like useless things in your pc. Believe me You will love it.",Laptop,455
187,5,"hello people lemi give you a right review of this product which u might b lookin fo, I bought it for 54k in a offer and I have used it about a month and now I am writing the review accordingly. I will divide this into pros and cons pros:- 1:- Performance is worth for the price, I use android studio which is a heavy app and it runs smoothly in this machine 2. light weight, appearance is nice , its appealing 3. Ram management is good and the best thing SSD WHICH MAKE THE SYSTEM VERY FAST {FAS...",Laptop,498
188,5,Honestly speaking . It's a very good laptop . Even in 2020 it's worth it. Battery life and sound quality is very awesome. Performance level too good . If your requirement is for professional or education use then must buy. If your requirement is for gaming then must be avoided.,Laptop,278
189,5,"Classy product. Using MacBook for the first time. Amazing delivery by Flipkart. Got a day before the expected date. It has been just few hours if using and I am loving this. The body looks fabulous. Hasn't explored much about the specifications. Until now, it has been a wonderful purchase. Thanks Flipkart :)",Laptop,309
190,5,Very nice product from apple with glowing logo. Although the Storage is less but an external SDD or iCloud storage can be used. Timely delivery of a genuine product by Flipcart.,Laptop,177
191,5,"On time delivery! Amazing Product, Amazing Battery file. Performance is super fast as compare to windows laptop. Highly recommend.",Laptop,130
192,5,"very good machine , very efficient , value for money product , design is excellent very easy to carry...!!!",Laptop,107
193,5,I have shifted to MacOS from windows..I am a iPhone lover ..And that’s the sure..will soon become a Mac lover too ..coz it’s really clean and smooth performance by MacBook,Laptop,171
194,5,1. Stylish sleak and best in performance and most important and safety from hackers 2. The Flipkart provide the original product at reasonable price,Laptop,148
195,1,"i got this product on 53500 rs . i use this 7-10 days . there is no issue on this laptop . it was awesome in this price range. the best thing is this is very slim,light weight and excellent battery backup.",Laptop,205
196,5,Amazing laptop ever I seen.. design 5 star Battery 5 star Performance 5 star Display 5 star Totally awesome Nice laptop those who are looking for coding programming and students.... 92 GB storage available .... Just go for it,Laptop,225
197,5,terrific product.... easier to use ... better experience than laptop... only limitation is space... but external disc will take care of it... sleek and slim ... awesome design... loving it to use,Laptop,195
198,5,Its almost a year since i got this masterpiece... there’s not a single time when i have faced any issue ... it works like a charm ... truly amazing... worth every penny.,Laptop,169
199,5,"love it for being lightest. not as great as MacBook Pro. the touch pad is pathetic.  screen beautiful and bright, compare to any non-mac....but gets dirt and spots even faster and more apparent.  unhappy with flipkart for rejecting my perfectly working laptop in exchange without apparent reason",Laptop,295
200,5,"Perfect laptop - Apple really excels at responsiveness of apps, boot time, keyboard quality with backlit and ease of set up in minutes. Yet to use the iPhone to MacBook air handover feature. Have installed Virtual Box and so far no issues in running a Linux VM.  Flipkart's delivery was on time, packaging was good over and above Apple's packaging. And my old Dell exchange laptop was picked up with minimum time spent on checks to ensure it aligned to the exchange standard.  Got this one on offe...",Laptop,500
201,5,"Best productivity laptop in this price range. Worth every penny. Photoshop to Docker to PyCharm, works great without even a glitch. Go for it.",Laptop,142
202,5,"working well , for a person like me who works more on drafting is a perfect choice .",Laptop,84
203,5,"it's awesome🤩..I really loved it...it's my first experience with the macbook and I can totally say it's wonderful..better in looks, performance ,size,weight ,pretty much handy. ..it's better in almost everything except few things like you will have problem with LAN cable you will have to buy a separate adaptor for it...and some of the application are only meant for Linux or windows you cannot have them...apart from that it's nice.",Laptop,434
204,4,Awesome performance and fantastic looking. Designing is super Smart and smuth Effects. Battery Performance is very good So many multitasking running on One Time Space it’s only 128GB This one is Unsatisfied think in this Mac Oral is very nice product Thank you Flipkart,Laptop,269
205,5,"Thanks to flipkart they have delivered in time with good pack. I am delighted after receiving this with extreme care. It was cash on delivery . Hope, this price is really good. It is working very fine.I am really fond of Apple Product.",Laptop,235
206,4,"product is very good working in excellent condition i am using it since last 1 year there is no problem at all , but after 1 year i recognize that the serial no on the bill is different than the serial no on the product when i checked other persons review i notice that various other customer have the similar problem don't know why seller is doing that hope they improve their service except that the product is exceptionally good .",Laptop,433
207,5,"very less storage,poor display and no useful free app available in Apple store. most important MS office for Mac book very costly",Laptop,129
208,5,"I've wanted a MacBook for a while now because of the build quality and the simplicity of the OS. I spend an average 6 hours a day using it for college and the battery still has a fair charge left. The screen looks great. Apple does a great job of integrating their products. Being able to unlock my laptop using my watch is great. It’s pricy, but I guess you're also paying for the brand When you think of Apple you automatically think expensive if your anything like me. When purchasing this lap...",Laptop,499
209,5,actually the product was good but I have the concerned about the battery battery is not like what they have describe it like 12 hours of full day work battery life but I guess there is like you can use for 4 hours continuously but no after that you need to connect the charger otherwise is good but battery is not good,Laptop,318
210,5,"sturdy body, clear os & amazing performence & Battery backup. just love it. Thank you apple for creating such a perfect machine.",Laptop,128
211,5,"its a very unique laptop , switching from window to mac will be a great hustle but its productive and fast , but price good , I have one problem with the Flipkart that you had not provided us any gst inputs option as this product was for my office i would had used GST input .and save more",Laptop,289
212,5,Flawless performance good touch gestures and mac os x is best and stable os. Its running on macos high sierra and have update macos mojave so its great user experience using this laptop,Laptop,185
213,4,"absolutely loved it! packing was amazing, everything so neatly packed. setup didn't take much time. been using it for over a week now. battery lasts more than 3 days. sound quality is amazing! gestures are wonderful! got it during the big billion day sale for 44500. speedy delivery by Flipkart too.",Laptop,299
214,3,The trackpad is little bit difficult to use and the display definitely needs an upgrade ...others than that it’s an very good product best value for money ...good battery backup ..charger is heating quick and we can feel the current passing through your mac while charging ..while it comes to delivery ..Flipkart you are the best ...good packing and quick delivery ..,Laptop,367
215,5,Awesome product by apple. I purchased it from big billion day sale. I was waiting for this since last year. Product delivered to me early and in good packaging. So i am happy and satisfied.,Laptop,189
216,3,"I got a faulty product. The delivery was fantastic. Packaging was perfect and the experience of a mac was superb. However, the usb ports do not work for me which is a disappointment. I will now need to carry it to a service centre or apple store and get it replaced. I noticed it a couple days later since I didn’t try usb. So, this makes my experience a little bitter. Nevertheless good job with the delivery flipkart. Appreciate",Laptop,430
217,5,"Super machine. Light, fast, stylish and battery goes on for hours. If you are using it for browsing, office work and mails it's the right product for you. Multitasking is a breeze on this machine. Super value for money as well, got it for 42K during festive sales. Highly recommended.",Laptop,284
218,5,I was a nice experience of purchasing through Flipkart amazing delivery very nicely packed and a worth of every single penny.... just fell in love with this,Laptop,156
219,5,"Got my new MacBook Air delivered 2days earlier than the expected date of delivery. And it functions fine and smooth so far 😊 happy with the product.  The serial no mentioned on the Invoice and on the MacBook doesn't matches. However when I checked for the warranty status on the apple page, I could see that it is within warranty.",Laptop,330
220,5,Love the flipkart delivery Love the product The offer was too good i got it for 50000/- thank u flipkart 😊,Laptop,106
221,5,it’s really fast and I like iOS a lot thanks for best price in big billion days ..super backlit keyboard and very light weight..MacBook,Laptop,135
222,4,Superb Product. i am very happy with flipkart plus day delivered my lap on next day of order. also it having superb power backup almost 11 hours it was withstand by working. thank you flipkart,Laptop,192
223,3,Worth buying if you are looking for a good laptop. The laptop has a very good battery life 8-9 hours. Mac OS is awesome.,Laptop,120
224,5,"Apple MacBook Air 13"" laptop is one the most sold laptop of all the time. This product was launched way back in 20s and still outperform any laptop in this segment. Here are some points about this machine.  1. Super sleek design. 2. Fantastic battery life. Takes around 2.5 hours for full charge and runs for around 8-9 hours easily with web browsing and movies. 3. Processor is a bit older one (only i5 5th gen) but MacOS is so optimized that you won't feel any lag. 4. Storage is a matter of con...",Laptop,500
225,5,Great Laptop with sleek and slim design and the interface is cool and just clean. Performance is great and smooth. Battery life is just WOW. Just got delivered today and the service was fast as expected. Apple never disappoint their customer.,Laptop,242
226,4,"Awesome, I love apple products Mac book Air is one of the best apple products and I am proud to have one. Thanks Flipkart for delivery on time with excellent package. I bought it for Rs 46990 /- and its really a value for money deal.",Laptop,233
227,5,It's premium feel will gives more interest to work with smooth flow bw tabs. Super elegant design. Screen is jst OK.,Laptop,116
228,5,"Not 8th Gen computing power but no lag on day to day usage .touch is smooth and the look, its fabulous..and battery is superb..2 movie and still 30 % battery left. heavy user like me get 7-8 hrs uninterrupted battery back up. And light user may able to get 10-12 hrs easily..overall at my price(44500) its a superb catch..  will give detailed review after 1 month",Laptop,363
229,5,Best product and best deal i can ever have flipkart n its BIG BILLION DAY 😍❤️ Got apple Mac air worth 62K for 45K that is on NO COST EMI of 9 Months 🙈😅😍,Laptop,152
230,5,"I am using MacBook Pro since 9.5yrs that was excellent product with buttery smooth performance 4gb Ram, ddr3. Core 2 duo, price was 72k that time I got it in Chandigarh, once I changed battery after 4.5yrs . Overall it’s slow now but still doing basic things on it, I am fully satisfied with performance, never hanged anytime never took to Apple care except to change battery once.  Now this is beast I got this coz of past experience with Apple bought it on bigbillion day luckily for 45k m glad ...",Laptop,500
231,5,"FLIPKART, simply the best place to shop. Superfast delivery with an amazing deal. This is my second laptop from Flipkart and i simply love it.",Laptop,142
232,4,Excellent product for those who want a light laptop. It's great for day to day use such as normal office work. Overall a nice experience. I am a first time user of Mac.,Laptop,168
233,4,Got in billion day sale at Rs. 45000. After using it 1 year i am giving review about this machine- Pros- 1. great performance...u will not want to use windows laptop again in ur whole life. 2. great battery life about 9 to 10 hours 3. light weight and easy to carry 4. in early 1 to 2 days u face some problem while using operating system and its gestures but after u have habit of using these gestures u totally love it. Cons- 1. If u have external harddisk so please format it to exfat format s...,Laptop,499
234,5,"simply. the best laptop. using it for general purpose as well as python programming. has been a delight so far with quick battery charge. ease of use ,sleek looks and amazing performance",Laptop,186
235,4,"Pros-: Super smooth. Awesome performance and much better experience than any high end windows PC. I am running cloudera Hadoop without any issues. Battery lasts for at least 10-12 hours. Web cam is average.  Cons-:  Only down side is display which is ideal for web surfing or coding but difference arises when you watch movies or videos.  Highly recommend for working professionals, coders, internet surfing etc. But not for gamers or watching movies.",Laptop,451
236,5,"Purchased it a month ago. So far going extremely well. Performance is mind blowing. Touch, screen quality and other aspects are good as per the apple standards. Overall worth product to buy!! - - - - Its been 2 years now and laptop is still working pretty smooth",Laptop,262
237,5,Best for Travel.....very Handy and stylish.... best battery life .... last nearly for 10 to 12 hrs for normal use....,Laptop,117
238,5,"Honest review. Well, the name is enough ofcourse. Works pretty fine as long as you work normally. Laga at times opening large files. For the first 6months the battery backup was like 10-11hours but now its like 5-6 hours max. Heats up like a burner if you work while charging. Got this for 44500 , yeah okay its so so.",Laptop,318
239,5,"No doubt, an excellent laptop. if your preference is portability and long battery life, I think this is the best you can ever find. I am comfortably getting more than 12 hours continuous-usage battery back up. Also the charging is very fast. It hardly takes 1.5 hours for full charging from less than 10% to 100%. I need not specifically say anything else, since Apple is always known for making elegant products.",Laptop,413
240,5,I Love Apple Products it is perfect match for my old I phone 5s and redmi note 4 this is awesome slick laptop and very beautiful,Laptop,128
241,5,"Its awesome. Use it to feel it . Switched from windows to Mac. Great UI . Handy ,simple , lovely product. Apple continues to prove itself unique, best. Flipkart delivery is fast .",Laptop,179
242,5,Look and feel is very awesome. Very handy and best option for on the go use.. Good battery backup. I like the track pad feature. In very less time you will be use to of it.,Laptop,172
243,5,One of the finest products I've used. Extremely smooth and fluid performance. The best laptop I would recommend in the budget range of 40-50k (I bought it on offer for 44k).,Laptop,173
244,5,"Awesome product from Apple. Yet outdated but still best in class for the handy size easy to carry and the awesome built-quality, UI and many more",Laptop,145
245,5,"absolutely awesome and ideal laptop for any college student ( except civil , mechanical engineer and architect as you guys should go for MacBook Pro as you will require extreme computing power for your designing projects) due to the fact that despite being bit underpowered on paper the permonance is as good as any windows laptop of 16 gb RAM and 8th generation i5 processor. Unless you are a hardcore gamer and can not afford the price, DO NOT BUY ANY OTHER LAPTOP other than MacBook Air if you ...",Laptop,500
246,5,Ultra Slim and extra ordinary light weight. Operating system is rather easier than windows and all. Backlight keyboard with Fast charging really works great. Delivery was really fast from ekart logistics. Thanks,Laptop,211
247,5,"Extremely satisfied with the service of flipkart and timely delivery. Macbook Air is easily the best notebook in this category. For an user who perform daily tasks, browsing, downloading and youtube surfing, this laptop is a speed demon. Dont expect gaming on this laptop. Overall a very good laptop. Pls do considerable research about this macbook air about what it can do and what it cant do before buying, you will definitely love it.",Laptop,437
248,5,"Amazing Produt , very good packaging and nicely delivered . Just go for it , a big thumbs up 👍",Laptop,94
249,5,The product was delivered early by a day. The delivery guys were very professional and trained unlike few others. Product is an art work not just a machine. Super light and very good finish.,Laptop,190
250,5,5 🌟 for Flipkart's delivery. 3 🌟 for laptop. Laptop is really nice and light weighted.  pros:- 1. Light weight hence portable 2. Very good battery life. 3. Fast boot up 4. Android studio and xcode runs smoothly without lag. Even emulator of Android studio runs very smoothly. 5. Mag safe port is really good thing.  cons:- 1. Its i5 5th gen which is very old. 2. Display is small but that cannot be considered as cons.  if all pros are there then why just 3 🌟? Because I feel my device is defe...,Laptop,496
251,5,"I would be just unbiased and honest here. This is an Apple product, so definitely it's accessories and Softwares which you'd buy are also gonna be a bit on the higher side of the scale. With 13.3 Inch of size, LCD screen (which is far better than those yesteryear LCDs), this is a hefty pricing product. But hey, Apple is really good at giving you a Year of Warranty despite you buy it through an Apple Retailer/Reseller or through an online Reseller like Flipkart does. Though the latter one give...",Laptop,500
252,5,Purchased it at heavy discounted price of Rs. 48K with Rs.8000 Cashback option from icici credit card EMI. Great product. Their courier as well as packing is very excellent.,Laptop,173
253,5,"The product is very good, been using it for over 3 months now, works really well. The battery backup is excellent. Light weight, glossy finish. Feels just right to work on. The delivery by Flipkart was on time (though it took a longer time) .",Laptop,242
254,5,Awesome product cuz its Apple well the packaging was superb 2 layering and fast delivery . Thank you flipcart,Laptop,109
255,5,Great product at great price. And no cost EMI is an excellent option. Before ordering it on Flipkart I researched almost everywhere online. And to my surprise Flipkart was the one that offered cheapest deal.,Laptop,207
256,4,This is my first apple product. Its works little differently from windows. But its a wonderful product.my user experience is superb.i m loving it...,Laptop,148
257,3,Was bit afraid of ordering online ...but some how I made my decision to order ... and to be honest delivery was super fast .... and packaging was also sturdy . Product is 100% genuine... I ordered on 21st night of November and received it on 23rd morning,Laptop,254
258,4,A fabulous product. Did take time to get accustomed to Mac OS threafter the experience is unique. Very light and robust hardware. Excellent battery backup with very fast charging. Mouse not required as the touch pad enables superior navigation.  Full marks to Flipkart delivery for prompt delivery,Laptop,297
259,5,"The best laptop I have ever used. Thanks Flipkart for faster delivery, amazing deal and proper packaging.",Laptop,105
260,5,"MacBook Air is really awesome and so much light weight. It is just like small powerful machine . Its trackpad is cool , Its glowing logo and backlit keys just killing everything",Laptop,177
261,5,One of the best thing I purchase...superbly packed and fast delivery thank you Flipkart ..And plz maintain this kind of service in future also ...,Laptop,146
262,5,"This is the best budget Apple laptop one can get. Pretty light weight and great for everyday use. I have another pro - so 128 GB was good enough in my case. However, I would suggest 256 GB to be at a comfortable spot. Performs just great and battery life is excellent.",Laptop,268
263,5,"Flipkart rocks. With the best exchange price for my existing HP Pavilion & now, MacBook Air with such a wonderful Diwali offer !!! The product is genuine with authentic Apple packaging & the slim beast is performing magnificently. Life could not be better than this.",Laptop,266
264,4,First time purchaser of an apple product. MacBook is an excellent laptop. No matching no comparisons with its counterparts. Very powerful machine can do most of ur task easily. Well aluminium built body but very light to carry anywhere. Performance is excellent. Battery backup is also very gud . With my first charge I used it for a week. Very satisfied with the product. Apple product standards are unmatched in the market.,Laptop,425
265,5,"Very Efficient Device. Apple devices have strong integration between hardware and software hence even with lower specs on paper, it outperform windows running hardware. This Mac is good enough for daily activity, running programming IDE, emulators etc. Not meant for heavy duty gaming, but 8gb of RAM can handle moderate gaming as well. Most Amazing feature is battery life, unparalleled even when compared to macbook pro. I get 10+ hrs on moderate usage on single charge. Was a steal at 45k, a we...",Laptop,500
266,5,Always I expect good service and on time delivery the product I order.and always i see flipkart fulfill my requirement.I really loved the product.battery backup is really 12 hours.the laptop us too light weight and awesome in lookwise.go for it.Thanks to big billion day.,Laptop,271
267,5,Just awesome!!!!!! Turning Windows to Mac It's the best operating system I've ever used. Pro's:- 1-design (ultra thin led display) 2- fast charging 3- Os ecosystem 4- backlit keyboard 5-Latest upgrades 6-Epic battery life Con's: - 1-Lackluster Screen: The 1440 x 900 display on the MacBook Air isn't as sharp as those on other MacBooks and competing PCs 2- there 're plenty of apps on app store but most of them are paid version. Conclusion- The MacBook Air is a good choice as long as yo...,Laptop,491
268,5,Excellent product. Much higher quality than windows by any means and measure. I managed to adopt to new interface very quickly.its very intuitive. Lucky to get the best possible deal on this site.,Laptop,196
269,5,After contemplating for years i orderd it on flipkart mainly due to flipkart sale i got it for 44990. Over all excellent product. I haven't used it much but till now what i have observed i want to share with you. PROS. Very thin and light. Excellent finish and packaging Great battery life. Takes very little time to charge Magsafe charging adapter. ( very useful)  CONS. Very average display and screen. Charger cable is very thin and flimsy. Hard disk only 128 GB But these cons are not that sig...,Laptop,500
270,5,Happy with the product & packing was good .  if ur looking for a Sleek and portable laptop with efficient battery then this one is a good pick. Display though is a bit on the lower side unlike the Apple retina display.  Also consider that the laptop doesnt have any lan port or hdmi port.we need to separately purchase the thunderbolt2 converters.The actual apple prices are proced above 1500 bucks.   Purchased it on big billonday sale for a decent price.,Laptop,456
271,5,"Excellent Product. Worth for the price 44,990 (Bought in Big Billion Day). Good specification. Love it.",Laptop,103
272,5,"Product does what it is intended to do with perfection. Surfing internet and playing videos with great battery backup is just awesome. I havent tested how long does battery go but i think i am getting atleast 7.5 hrs. This is my first mac machine and i have been using win for 10 years, so switching to mac is just out of world. Build of this laptop is sturdy. I travel alot and i think this machine is made only for travellers. This was the product part now lets come to flipkart. I got it delive...",Laptop,500
273,5,"Best in class, smooth interface n sleek slim design. Value for money. Recommended in under 50k.",Laptop,95
274,5,"Perfect stars coz of d quality of hardware n software both that Apple offers. Earlier used Sony, HP n dis is my 1st Macbook. This is definitely make u feel more Luxurious n proud. Amazing 8-10 hrs battery, Ultra soft keyboard, i did Boot camp from Auth. Apple Store n have Windows 10 Pro perfectly working on it. And for storage, unless u r Media (Movies, Music, Images) freak, u wont even need an external memory n 128 Gb would be sufficient (even after 50Gb boot camp).",Laptop,471
275,5,"Happy to buy ... In BB..Day.. Good .. packing, and quality..... . Delivery... Everything.... I will suggest u. To buy.. bcoz.. it's satisfies me...",Laptop,147
276,4,"Good looking, sound quality off charts ,overall good for light works but the OS is pretty tough to understand.",Laptop,110
277,4,"That was really awesome service from Flipkart. Product delivery date was within 2 working days and it got delivered safely within time. Thank you Guys, I really recommend buyers to get the product from Flipkart Thank you.",Laptop,221
278,5,Very good product made by apple... Now for festival season it became more cheaper ....All things are all right as per specification it's looking also damn hot.... From overall view it's great one,Laptop,195
279,5,"Excellent product. Awesome feel and quality . Nodoubt Apple stands out as far as quality and feel of product is concerned . Value for money. I not a developer or a gamer , it absolutely fits my expectation , exceeds it. Now I am proud owner of Macbook . Fantastic . The moment you unpack it and touch it , you will be mesmerised . I was quiet skeptical about apple products before I bought this , now I can understand why Ppl are so crazy about apple . It is fast , looks is awesome , feels premiu...",Laptop,500
280,5,"Got a really good deal with great discount and EMI option. After unboxing the Macbook 13 air, I felt really happy because of the great look and product quality. This is indeed the best buy deal and smoothly delivered from the seller with good packaging. Thanks",Laptop,260
281,5,"This is my first Mac and I am totally loving it . I researched for a new laptop almost 2 months and finally decided to get a macbook air 2017 in this big billion sale . Believe me it's fast and unique , you will love it .",Laptop,221
282,5,Trust me guys its totally worth . I loved the packing quality by Flipkart and also and amazing discount Its showroom price is 78k and I got it for 45k Very happy.,Laptop,162
283,4,Got it 45k big billion day sale !!!!! It's worth the buy it was pretty well packed with everything sealed A good use for normal day users Surely recommend !!!,Laptop,158
284,5,"Super fast delivery, awsum packing.... And super amazing laptop at super amazing price...",Laptop,89
285,5,Excellent laptop with super awesome specs. The main highlight is Mac OS. Its fluid smooth and none of the current OSs nowadays can give you such a smooth experience.  Delivery by CloudTail was fast than I expected and the packing is really good. Enjoyed it.,Laptop,257
286,5,Awesome got in 2 days of my order in safe manner.. I liked it soon much. Thanks to flipkart,Laptop,91
287,5,"Got it for 44990 only without exchange Very happy with BBD offer Delivered on second day of order No other laptop has build quality,p performance and battery life @this price Only drawback is internal storage is only 100 gb free But we can afford external HDD for this Local store estimated 67000 for same model Best ever purchase from flipkart  still working like new in sep,19 , more than two years from purchase",Laptop,414
288,5,Awesome delivery service by FK with a seamless exchange process. Managed to get the air for 37K with the exchange and cashback from HDFC and I must day thats the best deal i have got so far ! This is the first time I am using a MAC and i am just thrilled on the user experience ! I would certainly recommend this laptop to anyone who wants to use it for day to day personal computing needs.,Laptop,390
289,5,Awesome experience. Thums Up for the services. Great Product. Great Experience Looking forward for such awesome deals.,Laptop,118
290,5,Awesome apple MacBook Air I got today from flipkart . One of the best thing is that I have received it only in two days. Most trusted online shopping app.,Laptop,154
291,5,"I received my MacBook air yesterday itself and the packing was awesome thanks to Flipkart! Coming to MacBook proper I would say nothing beats MacBook in its charisma... Its sleek, sharp and unlike other reviews I would not complain about display... I have no issues with display at all... I love the keyboard, trackpad and what not! Will post a review on performance a week or later.. thank you!",Laptop,395
292,5,"Delivery was blazing fast and i bought it for programming ,it runs anroid studio and xcode like a breeze!! I got it just for 45 k which the cheapest ,i asked in a apple store they told 2017 model cost 64k!! Thanx flipkart.product is just outstanding",Laptop,249
293,5,The apple laptop is just awesome I would definitely recommend to each and everyone ...just awesome experience and excellent laptop,Laptop,130
294,5,I already had 2 15 inch retina MacBook pro and they were super fast. But they were super expensive. MacBook air is fast and super cheap,Laptop,135
295,5,"First of all thaqu forLightning Speed Delivery & Awesome packing , Coming to laptop, It looks classic, Shiny and beautiful. The keyboard is superb Display is ok screen appears little bit small, but the design, look and performance makes it value for money.",Laptop,256
296,5,"1. Best product 2. Really light weight 3. Easy to understand and use 4. Had a hardware issue within 4 days of buying, got a good service support",Laptop,144
297,5,"Great lap top. Got it for Rs. 60,450. Value for money.",Laptop,54
298,5,"It’s good...performance,battery,looks...everything....Have been using iphone for last 5 years but first experience with MacBook... Flipkart delivery was also fast... Delivery boy was good...since the tape of outer bigger box was loose so he asked to open the inside box and take out the MacBook packaging to check that it’s not touched and completely sealed...",Laptop,360
299,5,Bought the macbook for the first time. When i opened it i felt in love with the design and the quality is superb.I feel like a child as i have no idea how to operate a mac os. Mac os is easy to operate and the trackpad is simply WOW. Battery Backup is Excellent.I used it continuously for 3 hrs and the battery drained only 21%. I have more to say but i don't want to make it an essay.,Laptop,385
300,5,Flipkart is an authorized re-seller of apple. and you are getting huge discounts here. What more to say?,Laptop,104
301,5,Best laptop i ever bought...battery life is just extraordinary...super fast processor...SSD128 is more enough if you have an external HDD....only con is the display..could’ve built a better display for this fantastic product. This review is after using the product for 6 months.,Laptop,278
302,5,Worth for price & pretyawesome for apple passiinates,Laptop,52
303,5,"Got this product on Big Billion Days offer for Rs.44,900. That's probably the most excellent offer considering it's retail value at 66K. This is my experience after 15 days of use.  About the product,  DESIGN - With the everyone's favorite beautiful apple logo, it's got premium touch. It's well built. Its Sleek. It's Elegant. One of the most beautiful machine you'd ever get your hands on to. Ultra slim. Ultra light. You'd barely feel any weight of your bag. Extremely portable. If you are a ...",Laptop,498
304,5,I just love this,Laptop,16
305,5,"Review after six months of usage: My personal opinions are in the form of Q&A to give you guys a better understanding :-  Q. Am I an apple fan boy writing this review? A. NO. Definitely not. And I don't think I will ever be.  Q. Why this laptop? A. I was looking for laptop which would allow me to my daily casual stuff, like surfing the net, replying emails, presentations, and yes one very important aspect, I love carrying my laptop around because of me travelling often, so a long battery life...",Laptop,500
306,5,MACBOOK AIR (highly recommended) go> It> And> Buy> It>,Laptop,54
307,5,Excellent Storage is not sufficient,Laptop,35
308,5,The machine is simply amazing compared to any other machine. The OS is clean and fast. The display is also good. The keyboard and track pad are smooth as honey.  Had a few mild scratches its kind of ignorable.  Thank you Flipkart and Apple.,Laptop,240
309,5,Really loving the experience...Just loving it👍,Laptop,46
310,5,"Fast boot time , excellent display, no slowness, definitely good.",Laptop,65
311,5,"It gives me nearly 7 hrs of battery life when I stream on YouTube, Viki etc. Even though it's only dual core yet I have never faced any kind of lag. Best thing is, if you want to do video editing it comes preloaded with iMovie, which in my opinion gets the job done for most of the people who edit videos.",Laptop,305
312,4,Thanks flipcart I am very satisfied with this product,Laptop,53
313,5,The 4* is because the magsafe (the adapter) is getting heated while charging...,Laptop,79
314,5,"Best laptop I ever seen, best performance,... Good product, Thanks to flipkart but the demerit is price is updown everytime ,I brought this product of 61990 but now the rate is down...",Laptop,184
315,5,Using for more than 2weeks. Nice experience.,Laptop,44
316,5,Awesome Product.,Laptop,16
317,5,Aswm product !!,Laptop,15
318,4,Superb superb graphics great music for production logic pro but need a harddics,Laptop,79
319,5,Flipkart delivery was frustrating. Ordered on 25th Oct and received on 3rd Nov. But wait was worth. Shifting from Windows to Mac was a big decision. And all I can say that Mac is super fun. Go for it.,Laptop,200
320,4,"No words to praise this beaty, made my life a lot easier than ever.",Laptop,67
321,5,great,Laptop,5
322,5,osm product,Laptop,11
323,5,Just Amazing. Love it.,Laptop,22
324,5,probably the most wise decision of my life! Excellent performance ! simply beautiful!,Laptop,85
325,5,"Worth every bit. If you're looking for a laptop that is fast - avoid Windows it can't multitask. MacBook hardly takes a second to start up. Can multitask without hanging and is sleek, light and has a longer battery life than my previous Windows laptop. It's been 2 months I'm using this and it is as smooth as butter.",Laptop,317
326,5,Product is very nice,Laptop,20
327,5,SUPERB,Laptop,6
328,5,Awesome,Laptop,7
329,5,"Excellent product, effective delivery and awesome performance.",Laptop,62
330,5,amazing mind blowing product but delivery service is so bad too late delivery and shipped too late product,Laptop,106
331,5,"Awesome performance, light weight and stylish",Laptop,45
332,5,"Good design, huge performance and scalable product from apple. OS boot up in 5 sec.. slim and less weight,.. long life battery once charged 100% with max utlization it will be 9 hours life... Good sound system and dispaly... Nothing more than that except low ssd space... But thats fine.. go for it ..",Laptop,301
333,5,Once failed to load screen but got serviced under warranty. Good one,Laptop,68
334,5,It’s awesome product,Laptop,20
335,5,nice product from apple,Laptop,23
336,5,Excellent product received in pristine condition and within 24 hrs... :-),Laptop,73
337,4,"It freezes a lot due to chrome and whenever it stucks, i have to force shutdown it using cmd+shift+power and then restart it again.",Laptop,131
338,5,Awesome machine.. very happy with it!,Laptop,37
339,5,Fast and we'll handled delivery. The product was as expected.,Laptop,61
340,5,really good,Laptop,11
341,5,great product. go for it. moved from windows to mac and its really amazing to see the differences.,Laptop,98
342,5,"At first go , one is very scared while buying apple products online . But you can easily trust flipkart in this call . Though the delivery was pretty late , like I received the product after 20 days since I ordered it . Rest , as of now the product is working fine .",Laptop,266
343,5,Fantastic product at an affordable price.,Laptop,41
344,4,This is just superb... and nice to operate... Start and Shut down is very fast... I brought it for 42K... thanks Flipkart... for this wonderful delivery...,Laptop,155
345,5,"Hello there!!! This product really rocks. I don't have to write much about apple products which is known wide already but as a first time MAC user I am very much impressed. To be frank I was worried upon the negative review of this lap top where people have mentioned about heck a lot of complaints on the product build quality and performance. But after using my received item, I feel much satisfied not the laptop. It is just like handling a mobile but in the form of a lap top and very addicti...",Laptop,499
346,5,Perfectly designed for business travelling people.,Laptop,50
347,5,if you are really serious about display quality then it is quite disappointed for me when i first open and expected a good display .. if you have budget go for retina display,Laptop,174
348,5,Excellent.,Laptop,10
349,5,"amazing build quality, and the screen is not bad, you can increase brightness significantly. I have upgraded from 720p screen and it's around 1080p(not exactly). great product, though slow delivery from flipkart took 9 days..",Laptop,225
350,5,Genuine product love it,Laptop,23
351,5,"If you love the iOS environment, want superb connectivity with your iPhone, this laptop is the best deal out there. Of course if you have the bucks, the other mac models are awesome too. The laptop runs really smooth. MacOs is simply the smoothest and richest operating system. If you want a laptop that 'looks' awesome, this is the best option. At a price of 55K INR, it is a steal. Otherwise on paper, specs may not seem awesome, but these laptops are not sold because of their specs. They are ...",Laptop,499
352,5,Good product with this price 56k,Laptop,32
353,5,Got it at a discounted price while opting for the No Interest EMI scheme. Flipkart delivered the product very next day. Packaging was good and solid. On unboxing got a perfectly sealed MacBook Air in the box. Just love how sleek and polished the laptop is. Coming from the 2011 MacBook unibody(lasted me 7 years and still working) this is a very welcome upgrade. The specs are more than sufficient for my day to day work and business travels.,Laptop,442
354,3,I purchased it on last big billion day. After all the offers I just had to pay only 44.5k for this device. For me it is very good value for money deal. My main purpose is office work and just browsing and all. The device actually comes with and outdated chipset. But because of the os integration the device is blazing fast compared to my friends windows laptops with more advanced chipset. I know the main customers of this device must be buying their first mac os device. For those persons like ...,Laptop,500
355,5,"Worth the penny... I was afraid about the online purchase, but Flipkart didn't made me down. It was all perfect and the MacBook Air- an awesome product by Apple. I love it",Laptop,171
356,5,Worth the offer!,Laptop,16
357,5,Good.,Laptop,5
358,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
359,5,Awesome product ...great...,Laptop,27
360,5,"At 45k pricepoint its the best. Lightweight as name suggests. Ssd quickly opens everything Short on storage (purchase an external hard disk or jetdrive or something like it) Battery backup the best off all laptops, more than 12hrs of backup working on docs and listening songs. Magsafe charges even quickly. Less ports so separate adapters are must Overall bestbuy at this pricepoint",Laptop,383
361,5,Really words no 1 speed laptop  But not saport canon lbp2900 printer,Laptop,68
362,5,"Perfect laptop, 💯 % genuine. Thank you flipkart",Laptop,47
363,5,This is a very high positively rated product. The gadget is as per its reputation. Very satisfied with the purchase. It was delivered before the proposed date . The product arrived to Kochi within 24 hrs of placing the order however it got delivered on the third day of reaching the city. It would have been just WOW if delivery was within 24 hrs of reaching the city.  The packing was very good and its import date is of Aug 2017. The os got upgraded to high sierra on updation.  The exchange o...,Laptop,498
364,5,The Macbook Air is an amazing product. It's a piece of art. Since last 20 years I have been using Windows PC so I was bit nervous if I will be able to adept to Mac. But believe me it's not that difficult. I had few issues in the beginning but you can always Google it and find the solution. Also Flipkart did the good job of delivering it as per promised.,Laptop,355
365,5,"thanks flipkart ,for this beautiful product.i got this product for 50k.it simply amazing,light weight,and gives charging upto 9-10 hours.sound quality and bass is absolutly good.only problem is getting slightly heated up.remaining all is simply superb.",Laptop,252
366,5,Very much pleased with the product.. and delivery was before time.. packaging was very well done.. very happy.. thank you.. Flipkart and apple.. keep surprising with this kind of offers.,Laptop,186
367,5,Genuine product,Laptop,15
368,5,"Awesome product, & Osummm service, Flipkart",Laptop,43
369,5,"Original, Warranty ok , No Issue, Perfect,",Laptop,42
370,5,"Genuine Macbook Air at a great price thanks to FlipKart big sale weekend. Satisfied with Retailnet for putting the laptop at a such good price, but delivery took a full week. This laptop is actually a shame for Apple to put on sale in 2017, amongst many things the screen is not even HD. However I knew what I was buying and for the discounted rated it was a good deal. Thanks Retail net and Flipkart",Laptop,400
371,5,Screen quality is not upto the mark. Other features are really good..,Laptop,69
372,5,Received the product on time. Amazing packing by flipkart. So far so good. Will be able to update the feedback of Mac book after some time.,Laptop,139
373,5,Very good product.,Laptop,18
374,5,"Got it for 44,990 on big billion day sale , good product the track pad is the highlight of the device. Gestures are very good,amazing battery life too, sound is incredible ,fastest laptop",Laptop,187
375,5,AT 45K fair trade!,Laptop,18
376,5,first of all got it at 43500 only during flipkart BBD sales. thanks to flipkart and packing also good and two day delivery. now comes to laptop. prons: 1. great build quality as it is an apple product. 2. 100 % original product you can check from apple website. I filled my machine no. and it shows product is under warranty upto 22 sep 2018. 3. battery life is also good and also depend upon usage. 4. webcam is superb and mic and speakers also. 5. processing is good no hang as I am using MATLA...,Laptop,499
377,4,"A fantastic product, love his touchpad n fast response (bcz of ssd). Overall still it worth in 2017 to hv a mba",Laptop,111
378,3,"Update- 22 july 2019: so my MacBook air which was not in use for several days like 10,15 days got dead. Yes no damage nothing was placed in dry place no charging issue. The motherboard is dead and now I can’t figure out how this thing happened. I have not expected this type of cheap quality product from apple. Big disappointment. And yeah let me Tell you now it will cost me nearly 20,000 to repair it. What a sick product.   On time delivery! Easy to understand little bit slow when u open fo...",Laptop,498
379,5,Worth for Money..,Laptop,17
380,4,Perfect low cost ultrabook available right now..  Those want more hard disk..need to look somewhere else..may be LG GRAM or ASUS zenbook.but again both will be on higher side and still wont be comparable in yerms of hardware. I got it around 56k after discounts from CITIBANK CC and Flipkart special offers..Mine is 128 Gb.  Software: Well there is literally no end to this topic..Those who are already in Windows ecosystem..no need to move into iOS ecosystem its not gonna be easy..in fact just b...,Laptop,500
381,5,Great performance. No comparison with any other brand. I bought this laptop in 46K during a Filpkart sale. I am happy with this product. I hope it will not disappoint you if you are thinking buying it. kindly do check about latest model as well. This is 2017 model though you can go with this as it has all the regular updates which Apple provides.,Laptop,348
382,4,It is as amazing as a laptop can be. Buy it for daily use and work purpose. Gaming is not possible. Battery life is phenomenal. Works like a charm and is a 2017 edition. Great buy. Received on time and with great exchange offer.,Laptop,228
383,5,Nice product. Battery backup 7.5 hrs. Got this at 49990rs.,Laptop,58
384,4,One of best product with in budget and classic,Laptop,46
385,2,A great product from Apple. I bought it just to give it a try to Mac and now I am never going back to windows ever. Soon I will need a pro version though. The specifications are on a lower side but the experience is so good. Worth every penny.  received a cashback of 10500. Great deal,Laptop,285
386,5,No word 😘😘😘,Laptop,11
387,4,Nice one go for it.... ले लो..,Laptop,30
388,5,Editing review after 1.5 yrs of usage.... Works nicely.... Got two major software updates- Mojave and right now on Catalina..... Battery is awsome.. Supports whole day... No need to carry charger.... Only limitation is of number pad.... Felt difficult to enter data in number(excel) sheet.. Keynote is nice.. Can use powerpoint (Microsoft)prepared slides with keynote....,Laptop,371
389,5,Amazing product. It gives lot of happiness full of happy. It's totally differ from windows.,Laptop,91
390,5,"just awsm, go Nd buy this stuff",Laptop,31
391,5,As always... the best laptop... UI is best... motion control up to the expectation! 100/100 to it! all 5 Stars!,Laptop,111
392,5,Good delivery.  Very good product. All as per expectation.,Laptop,58
393,5,"A wonderful product. Being an helpless fan of Apple products, this is to say that anyone who will acquire this product will never lament in their lives. Please buy this and experience the flawless Apple.",Laptop,203
394,5,"Awesome product,fast delivery Genuine product thanks retailnet",Laptop,62
395,5,bought 2 years back....still amazing,Laptop,36
396,5,this is my 1st product of apple and very nice product thank u apple nd thank u flipkart,Laptop,87
397,5,this is an awesome product I loved the performance and macOs is the best one can get as an operating system,Laptop,107
398,5,it's mac u all know and i don't have to say something its simply awesome mind blowing....and secondly thanks to Flipkart for the great offer providing us..,Laptop,155
399,5,Best laptop i have ever used...Got the delivery late but it is a beast in performance...And looks gorgeous...and the flooring Apple logo..,Laptop,138
400,5,My Macbook air is awesome....THANK YOU FLIPKART...GREAT PROCE...GREAT LOOK...TRENDY...STYLISH...  THANKS ALOT,Laptop,109
401,5,Perfect partner,Laptop,15
402,5,"The rating given is based on the experience I had. Bought this product on Big billion day Oct'19, within a week I had to take it to service center. Issues I faced was - 1. Heating. 2. Not booting and showing black screen. 3. And finally it stopped working and not able to switch it on.",Laptop,285
403,5,Not worth it to buy such a overly priced and overy hyped device. Its repairing costs more than the actual CP. This is horrible. Had to shed another 45000 for repairing its logic board.,Laptop,184
404,5,"Thanks Flipkart, Good time delivery. Another apple brand so classic ,so elegant and beautiful. all rumours with this are just wastefull. awesome build quality, look , screen ,work absolutely flowless.  switching myself from window to macbook. Great product by apple at such price. five star.",Laptop,291
405,4,"A very nice laptop but is overpriced.The maintenance is too damn high.I bough this in 2018 and in 2 years this laptop broke down two times,both during june july month.The service centre told it's a common problem with macbook air.The first time it crashed it was still in warranty period and hence was repaired for free. But let me tell you after purchasing a laptop worth 60k you don't want to repair it again at a cost of at least 40k. Coming to design and performance both are awesome. But if y...",Laptop,500
406,5,"Macbook air as a product is undoubtedly great. however a word of caution regarding the seller. Not a reliable seller. i bought it from Truecom retail and was sold by sane retails pvt ltd from telangana. when i checked the serial number of the macbook for warranty status on apple website, it showed purchase date not validated and serial number was not mentioned in the invoice. hence it was not showing 1 yr warranty. I contacted flipkart for resolving the issue and i was promised that issue wou...",Laptop,500
407,5,what a beast! the power of mac machine just loved it. dream comes true 😍,Laptop,72
408,5,Good Product for Student who interested programming.... Built Quality is Nice... And it is Too Slim And Light Weight APPLE Genius 👌😍... Especially Tracpad... Keyboard also..I'm love with it..😍😍😍😍😍,Laptop,196
409,1,You can go for it. I love it,Laptop,28
410,1,i got my product and I am happy but I got product not on time.,Laptop,62
411,5,nice product !I like it,Laptop,23
412,3,"This is 2nd time I am facing in your exchange orders. inspite of giving all description, got harresed at the time of delivery. I hope no body will give brand new piece in exchange and for simple 1no scratch mark discount amount was reduced by RS.3800/-. I have paid the full amount and didn't opt for exchange. From next time onwards I will not opt for any item against exchange becoz felt cheated. Also will think twice to place orders to Flipkart. Honestly very dissatisfied with the service I g...",Laptop,500
413,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
414,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
415,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
416,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
417,3,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
418,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
419,1,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
420,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
421,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
422,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
423,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
424,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
425,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
426,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
427,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
428,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
429,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
430,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
431,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
432,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
433,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
434,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
435,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
436,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
437,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
438,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
439,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
440,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
441,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
442,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
443,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
444,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
445,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
446,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
447,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
448,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
449,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
450,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
451,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
452,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
453,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
454,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
455,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
456,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
457,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
458,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
459,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
460,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
461,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
462,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
463,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
464,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
465,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
466,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
467,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
468,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
469,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
470,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
471,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
472,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
473,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
474,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
475,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
476,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
477,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
478,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
479,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
480,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
481,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
482,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
483,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
484,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
485,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
486,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
487,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
488,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
489,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
490,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
491,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
492,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
493,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
494,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
495,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
496,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
497,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
498,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
499,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
500,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
501,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
502,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
503,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
504,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
505,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
506,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
507,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
508,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
509,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
510,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
511,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
512,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
513,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
514,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
515,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
516,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
517,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
518,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
519,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
520,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
521,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
522,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
523,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
524,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
525,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
526,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
527,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
528,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
529,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
530,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
531,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
532,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
533,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
534,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
535,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
536,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
537,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
538,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
539,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
540,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
541,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
542,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
543,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
544,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
545,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
546,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
547,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
548,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
549,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
550,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
551,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
552,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
553,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
554,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
555,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
556,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
557,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
558,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
559,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
560,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
561,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
562,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
563,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
564,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
565,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
566,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
567,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
568,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
569,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
570,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
571,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
572,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
573,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
574,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
575,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
576,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
577,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
578,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
579,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
580,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
581,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
582,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
583,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
584,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
585,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
586,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
587,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
588,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
589,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
590,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
591,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
592,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
593,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
594,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
595,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
596,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
597,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
598,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
599,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
600,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
601,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
602,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
603,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
604,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
605,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
606,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
607,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
608,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
609,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
610,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
611,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
612,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
613,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
614,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
615,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
616,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
617,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
618,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
619,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
620,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
621,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
622,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
623,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
624,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
625,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
626,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
627,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
628,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
629,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
630,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
631,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
632,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
633,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
634,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
635,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
636,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
637,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
638,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
639,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
640,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
641,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
642,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
643,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
644,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
645,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
646,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
647,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
648,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
649,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
650,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
651,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
652,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
653,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
654,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
655,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
656,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
657,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
658,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
659,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
660,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
661,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
662,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
663,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
664,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
665,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
666,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
667,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
668,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
669,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
670,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
671,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
672,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
673,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
674,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
675,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
676,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
677,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
678,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
679,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
680,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
681,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
682,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
683,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
684,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
685,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
686,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
687,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
688,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
689,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
690,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
691,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
692,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
693,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
694,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
695,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
696,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
697,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
698,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
699,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
700,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
701,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
702,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
703,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
704,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
705,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
706,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
707,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
708,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
709,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
710,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
711,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
712,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
713,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
714,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
715,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
716,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
717,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
718,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
719,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
720,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
721,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
722,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
723,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
724,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
725,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
726,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
727,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
728,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
729,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
730,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
731,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
732,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
733,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
734,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
735,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
736,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
737,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
738,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
739,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
740,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
741,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
742,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
743,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
744,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
745,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
746,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
747,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
748,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
749,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
750,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
751,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
752,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
753,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
754,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
755,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
756,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
757,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
758,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
759,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
760,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
761,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
762,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
763,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
764,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
765,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
766,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
767,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
768,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
769,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
770,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
771,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
772,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
773,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
774,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
775,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
776,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
777,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
778,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
779,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
780,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
781,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
782,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
783,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
784,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
785,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
786,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
787,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
788,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
789,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
790,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
791,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
792,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
793,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
794,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
795,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
796,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
797,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
798,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
799,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
800,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
801,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
802,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
803,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
804,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
805,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
806,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
807,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
808,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
809,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
810,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
811,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
812,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
813,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
814,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
815,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
816,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
817,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
818,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
819,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
820,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
821,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
822,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
823,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
824,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
825,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
826,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
827,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
828,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
829,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
830,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
831,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
832,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
833,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
834,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
835,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
836,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
837,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
838,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
839,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
840,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
841,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
842,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
843,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
844,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
845,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
846,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
847,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
848,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
849,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
850,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
851,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
852,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
853,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
854,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
855,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
856,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
857,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
858,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
859,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
860,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
861,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
862,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
863,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
864,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
865,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
866,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
867,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
868,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
869,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
870,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
871,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
872,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
873,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
874,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
875,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
876,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
877,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
878,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
879,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
880,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
881,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
882,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
883,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
884,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
885,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
886,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
887,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
888,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
889,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
890,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
891,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
892,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
893,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
894,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
895,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
896,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
897,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
898,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
899,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
900,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
901,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
902,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
903,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
904,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
905,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
906,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
907,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
908,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
909,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
910,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
911,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
912,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
913,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
914,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
915,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
916,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
917,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
918,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
919,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
920,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
921,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
922,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
923,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
924,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
925,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
926,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
927,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
928,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
929,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
930,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
931,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
932,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
933,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
934,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
935,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
936,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
937,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
938,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
939,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
940,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
941,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
942,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
943,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
944,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
945,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
946,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
947,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
948,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
949,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
950,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
951,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
952,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
953,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
954,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
955,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
956,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
957,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
958,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
959,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
960,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
961,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
962,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
963,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
964,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
965,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
966,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
967,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
968,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
969,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
970,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
971,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
972,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
973,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
974,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
975,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
976,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
977,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
978,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
979,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
980,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
981,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
982,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
983,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
984,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
985,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
986,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
987,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
988,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
989,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
990,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
991,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
992,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
993,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
994,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
995,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
996,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
997,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
998,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
999,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
1000,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
1001,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
1002,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
1003,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
1004,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
1005,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
1006,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
1007,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
1008,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
1009,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
1010,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
1011,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
1012,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
1013,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
1014,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
1015,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
1016,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
1017,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
1018,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
1019,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
1020,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
1021,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
1022,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
1023,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
1024,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
1025,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
1026,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
1027,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
1028,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
1029,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
1030,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
1031,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
1032,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
1033,1,I mac good product but flipkart service very bad,Laptop,48
1034,5,Must buy from apple store for warranty,Laptop,38
1035,5,the premium things looks premium but performance is okay okay type to be frank,Laptop,78
1036,5,Don't buy mac book on Flipkart,Laptop,30
1037,5,"Awesome product, two days delivery Genuine product. Many thanks to Retailnet. Got the Product in Deal price at 37K :-)",Laptop,118
1038,5,its a very good laptop. Very slim and light weight. I got 2017 model..,Laptop,70
1039,5,"Absolutely no comparison, if one has this much budget then just go for it. This is great product",Laptop,96
1040,1,"I have been using Iphone for the past 6 years, so Apple products always at the First in Quality and performance. So planned to buy the Mac book now.",Laptop,148
1041,1,A premium quality product... aluminium built...light weight... outstanding battery performance...amazing window transition optimizations...it is currently running on Mojave V10.14.4...but it has recieved an update to 10.14.6,Laptop,224
1042,4,really the best one.... i brought it for 45k during big billion days.... Top most performance in every area....,Laptop,111
1043,1,It's very good to this price.....I really thankful to flipkart 😊😘.... it's very good experience with flipkart.... thank you...💙,Laptop,127
1044,5,Performance are too good and friendly budget and also I love to buy this product very happy to this thanks Flipkart for the lovely product ❤️☺️. I'll give 5 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟💯,Laptop,163
1045,5,"Seriously awwsm .. pls go for it without any hesitation.. the performance look wise so good budget friendly... Can be used for online class, online xms, browsing,and also for mid range games, basic level programming tally and all.. preferable to clg students",Laptop,258
1046,5,I am happy with this laptop. Good for basic use at home. Good for kid's use also. Battery is good - runs more than 4-5 hours. Not happy with Display and no caps lock and number log indicator light.,Laptop,197
1047,5,I have just received the laptop today and am very excited to use it.Must say that at this price range it's one of the best laptops to buy without thinking once.Must buy if you want a decent work laptop with good specifications at this price range.,Laptop,247
1048,5,"it's quite good ,and one important thing to do while updating win 10 or download win 10 don't turn up your laptop it's quite risky when you download your update quickly install and restart it and we are thinking about display quality it's good you can also play video upto 4K on youtube but first of all I think display quality is very poor cause of TFT panel but wrong TFT panel is also good but not like that IPS .  When you use it for office work then download WPS office it's good and featur...",Laptop,498
1049,5,"a god product for students, i'm writing this review after use of 1 month, if you use it only for online class and watching you tube then it's best for you & also its consumes less data if you setting in metered connection. so don't worry about data consumption.  pros- good battery back up & charging very fast, clear resolution screen and it's comes with a classy look  cons- a little bit slower, * It's takes 30-40 sec to open and after open it takes 3-5 sec to being ready to use and the ref...",Laptop,497
1050,5,"It is worth laptop who like to prefer to attending online classes, watching movies, simple ms office works. It built quality was good and key board was average it is 180 degree screen rotation.when to talk about performance we can tell average and we unable to run multi apps at a time and it takes long time to restart when laptop is updated and it has average camera quality and when compare to other laptops it not have LAN support and main drawback was we don’t know if caps lock is on or off...",Laptop,499
1051,5,"Writing this review after full 24 hours of putting this machine to grind. I bought this with a certain kind of apprehension, wondering the budget I had, the choice made after thorough research and the product chosen would cater to my needs or not? However, this piece of beauty is well equipped to go smoothly with my expectations of a big clear display, clear voice and word/pdf typing/reading works. A word of caution to the gamers though.. Don't go for this if you are into high end games. Othe...",Laptop,500
1052,5,"Laptop is definitely value for money!! Also the clock speed is little slow but it works perfectly fine for office work, studying and streaming movies/series!. Good laptop at a good price, also this laptop is good if you are a first time buyer. Just so that you all know...I am writing this review after using the laptop for 2 whole days.",Laptop,337
1053,4,Its my review after used after 5 months. Its not a valuable laptop for study or any smooth working purposes. Issues: 1. Connectivity issues I m facing now. Specially usb port. 2. Battary performance was well for first 3 months. After it drains quickly without any playing video or audio. Only pdf reading it running hardly 2 hrs. 3. web camera is very bad performing like 0.3mp. 4. The processor also very slow and sometimes its hanging that one can't move for other work. 5. In sunlight one ...,Laptop,495
1054,5,"Product was good while delivering... The laptop works slow for first two days now it is ok... I like it... In below 30,000 range laptop,this was worth with windows 10...",Laptop,169
1055,4,Laptop is good for kids ..school or secondary laptop for movies and also for older folks who just need connectivity.. like skype and social. For 17k this is a good deal. 1TB for storage and 4GB ram does the light lifting. Dont expect this to do any fancy gaming or programs..what you pay and the purpose is key before selecting this laptop,Laptop,339
1056,5,"Very Good in Display Quality. keyboard /Mouse Good. Processing is something , just something slow....but its good.. Over All I found this A Great Office work Laptop , so that i want. 5 mein se phir bi 4.5 dunga..",Laptop,212
1057,4,The webcam quality for video calls is very bad And it takes aloot of time to open each file or folder And the display quality is not good. For basic kids use only . only look wise its good Don't buy better add little more money and buy i3/i5,Laptop,241
1058,3,Overall below average laptop not worth buyin nothing noteworthy pretty much not worth the money Ps: not recommended to buy only if u can custom install and remove the stock parts,Laptop,178
1059,5,"overall good... value for the price ...but not for heavy works .. it's ok for basic works like web browsing, emails, office works - excell, word etc.",Laptop,149
1060,1,Best laptop in given prize range..battery was gud but processor running slow..overall laptop was good for simple works,Laptop,118
1061,4,"Nice product for normal & jenuine home use only , and value for money. Proud on me for good choice",Laptop,98
1062,5,It's a decent product at a price of 20000. Does the job at the price point. Dont expect it to behave like i5 or i3. But overall good product,Laptop,140
1063,4,1. Delivery was sooo fast.... Thanks a lot for that. Seller and Ekart.  2. Design- Good and weight also perfect for carrying.  Keypad color is not adjusted as per the product color. It is very problematic to use. No capslock indicator as well as numlock indicator. All USB ports are in one side.  3. Screen - Very good. It's carefully for eye. Very soft looking. Display quality is very good.  5. Performance- Good. Little bit slow to open excel those are greater than 1mb.  6. Battery - Not good...,Laptop,499
1064,1,"Amazing product under this price range. It's stylish design, powerful processor and budget friendly is perfect for basic use. Really thankful to flipkart for delivering this amazing product on time.",Laptop,198
1065,1,Nice product should buy this if you have low budget,Laptop,51
1066,4,Good quality,Laptop,12
1067,5,"Best products but processor shlow..,",Laptop,36
1068,5,Nice laptop,Laptop,11
1069,5,Very Nice feature in low cost,Laptop,29
1070,5,Product is good but battery not strong....,Laptop,42
1071,5,More than expected,Laptop,18
1072,4,Nice product 😂,Laptop,14
1073,5,"very nice product in this price range, no hanging issue i recommend you to install asus optimizer for a incredible performance",Laptop,126
1074,5,Full laptop is very good but slow 🙂,Laptop,35
1075,4,Nice,Laptop,4
1076,5,Design best but no light numeric and caps lock On off. Performance is lower. Betry backup Average 3-4 hour. Display Good.,Laptop,121
1077,3,Very good for normal work,Laptop,25
1078,5,This is the best budget laptop.. I bought it for 18990 on a sale. Good laptop But performance is not as expected.,Laptop,113
1079,5,Very nice 👌 product net speed 👌 osm prosesing normal looking *****,Laptop,66
1080,5,Dilevery was two days delay but awesome product,Laptop,47
1081,4,Very nice laptop for study and design is very good with osm performance thank u flip kart,Laptop,89
1082,4,Nice but for light use only,Laptop,27
1083,3,Its best for general use like online study.Best at this price.Thanks Flipkart,Laptop,77
1084,5,This laptop in so good and look is very wonderful. Thanks flipkart,Laptop,66
1085,3,Good Laptop for Beginners...,Laptop,28
1086,5,Laptop stopped responding from today (purchase date 29 Dec 2019),Laptop,64
1087,5,Don't ever buy this product trust me you will suffer later...don't buy this product,Laptop,83
1088,5,"I recieved the laptop on 3rd June,after 2 days there was display issue and laptop was getting automatically shutdown and it's taking 5 mins to switch on again.I raised the issue and got the laptop replaced after 25 days.I recieved the replaced laptop on 27th June ,it was working fine for first 2 days and today same issue of blank screen display occurred again along with that there is issue in switching on the laptop as well.Sorry to say,but this laptop brand is below third class😡😡",Laptop,485
1089,3,The laptop wont start when received. Flipkart has some misleading claims as now they say that replacement will be done only after Asus technician visits and checks the laptop. So one will end up wasting time and will have to deal with unnecessary haggling for no fault except buying a lemon product from Flipkart. Pathetic fine prints policy.,Laptop,342
1090,5,Good,Laptop,4
1091,5,The laptop is best in very cheap price,Laptop,38
1092,4,"Light weight, much better than expected. Thank you so much dear flipkart😊🙏 1st day service awsm 👍",Laptop,97
1093,1,Best at this price,Laptop,18
1094,1,Waste of money,Laptop,14
1095,1,Its very beautiful looking so good and stylishly leptop run is,Laptop,62
1096,1,Cooling system is very good. As per price range it laptop is Good. Not for heavy task but Good laptop.,Laptop,102
1097,4,Average km,Laptop,10
1098,3,Good laptop,Laptop,11
1099,5,Best laptop.overall performance is awesome..myst buy,Laptop,52
1100,3,"Quality and Design is Super good, But the only drawback I found after using it for 2 hours is its battery performance.. Processing is some what lagging when I have started it for first time for setting up and installing some programs. Finally it is enough for that price range..",Laptop,278
1101,1,Its so nice,Laptop,11
1102,5,Chief &best,Laptop,11
1103,4,"Performance not good.... display, battery are good and sound awesome 🔥I expect little more performance..offenly it not switch on, lately on...",Laptop,142
1104,3,Very very bad products don't buy this product guy's,Laptop,51
1105,5,It revealed later that I have been fooled,Laptop,41
1106,5,Dont buy this laptop.. it stopped working within 15 days.. completely switched off.. not getting turned on..,Laptop,108
1107,4,After 15 days not working this product,Laptop,38
1108,5,It was nice product in lower cost,Laptop,33
1109,5,The price went down after my purchase.,Laptop,38
1110,3,slow,Laptop,4
1111,1,Please Don't buy it..WASTE OF MONEY!! i am very sad now after buying it😞,Laptop,72
1112,1,"7 days work okay but post returned policy laptop got hang, stopped working getting load what..kind of product are selling on your portal??worst product don't waste your money .",Laptop,176
1113,1,Nice laptop Im happy,Laptop,20
1114,1,Nyc laptop in this price design is awsm❤️ There is a small lag when we browse..,Laptop,79
1115,5,Totally disappointed with the product. It was slow right from the first time use. It has started making some noice just after the end of return policy. But the design is really nice and the delivery was made on time.,Laptop,216
1116,1,Booting problem add 2 3 more thousand on your budget and get good config laptop.,Laptop,80
1117,2,very best product,Laptop,17
1118,1,"Very slow, not up to the mark....",Laptop,33
1119,1,Don't waste money on this product. Its very slow. Stop inbetween your work. Takes long time to open file folders everything. Even you can't take online classes properly in one go from this device its takes large time for every action.,Laptop,234
1120,5,😍😘😘😘😍Thanks flipkart &asus,Laptop,26
1121,4,"Please don't waste your money on this. It is the worst laptop I have ever used. It takes 5 to 6 min to open simple app like microsoft edge, ms word. Etc. It is too slow can't even rely it for typing",Laptop,198
1122,1,"Absolutely waste of money. Do not buy this laptop. It's so slow that you can literally miss whole class by the time it boots and connects. It cannot perform basic documentation even with minimal needs, you can finish 2 cups of tea by the time it is loading applications. Restarting this is absolutely headache and just keep seeing the circle in front. Sometimes it appears that there is no processor inside. Bought it for kids online class with basic functionality but my 'chintoo' threw on day on...",Laptop,500
1123,1,"Waste product, always hanging while starting the windows it's keep on hanging, packing also very worst.. Please don't buy the product by seeing the photos and features, going to return the product",Laptop,196
1124,5,Don't even consider this laptop just for cheaper rate. This laptop is a trap in this rate. Just after 3 day use . The laptop now don't even turns on. If by chance it turns on by mistake u can't see anything all blank .,Laptop,218
1125,1,This is not good product it's prosesser is verey slow image not clear it is very bed laptop,Laptop,91
1126,1,This is most worst laptop i ever purchased it cost me 24000 and then too battery and charging problem starts as soon as u start using it .bilieveme never bythis product,Laptop,168
1127,4,"PRODUCT IS NOT UP TO THE MARK AS SHOWN ON THE WEBSITE , FLIPKART SAY REPLACEMENT POLICY BEWARE THEY EVEN DONT PROVIDE THE PRODUCT UPGRADATION POLICY. VERY SLOW, SLOW WIFI CONNECTIVITY, HANGINNG IN SEARCHING FROM THE TASK BAR. MAKE SURE DONT FALL FOR THE TRAP LAID BY ASUS.",Laptop,272
1128,1,Late delivery of a crucial product ! Caps lock key doesn't even have a light to indicate if it's on unless we type and find it out! Neither invoice nor guarantee card provided. Slow performance and average battery life.,Laptop,219
1129,1,Nice laptop . I am writing this after 15 day use. Best at this price,Laptop,68
1130,1,Very slow processing speed.,Laptop,27
1131,1,"Not at all happy with the product as the keyboard is uplifted as in the keys are coming out, it hangs and works very slow while using Excel and inspite of being a brand new laptop it restarts very slowly. Have no option other than getting it as replacement as per the sellers policy. So waiting for replacement to come and see what happens with it.",Laptop,348
1132,2,Very Bad product and services,Laptop,29
1133,1,Good laptop for daily use but not for gamer Screen is good also speaker,Laptop,71
1134,1,Best,Laptop,4
1135,1,Tooo good 🤟❤,Laptop,12
1136,5,Nice laptop for students. Not for heavy user.Very lite weight laptop and good in performance. Asus give a nice product.,Laptop,119
1137,2,Its really slow machine and took minutes to boot. I have updated window as well but speed is really slow. Actually dualcore works only with xp not for window 10. Better if you can few more thousands and buy I3 or i5,Laptop,215
1138,1,Good,Laptop,4
1139,1,Fantastic look... Thank u flipkart,Laptop,34
1140,4,"Who the hell used this laptop, it is very worst, how you gave 3.9 star.... It is worst product... Without opening any Task the disk size is crossing 100% and CPU as well... Dont buy this product...",Laptop,197
1141,5,"I brought this laptop for my kids online classes, Look and fill is fine, but speed is very slow, my recommendation is don't buy this product.",Laptop,141
1142,5,"Never trap on this product too slow, build quality also worst",Laptop,61
1143,4,Don't buy it. It taking longer time to switch on. And processing speed is very slow.,Laptop,84
1144,3,overall good with this price range,Laptop,34
1145,5,"In this range it's very effective for those who are only want to normal use like online classes,browsing etc. We can say it's only for beginner 😊",Laptop,145
1146,5,Thankyou flipcart,Laptop,17
1147,1,Best budget laptop in market.. right choice for students for online classes..,Laptop,77
1148,2,Do not buy this..you will feel it is value for money but you do not get anything. The speed and performance is horrible. You cannot even open 2 tabs at a time. I tried to increase RAM but cannot do it as it has 4 GB inbuilt RAM and you can only add SSD which is costly. They lied that you can increase the RAM by 16 GB but you cannot,Laptop,333
1149,1,Laptop is not turned on after 20 usage and waste of money. ASUS support team is too lazy and no response from them,Laptop,114
1150,1,Not upto that i want and i think so much slow processor don't buy please if you have budget then only purchase another lap top don't purchase this one with low budget,Laptop,166
1151,4,Very bed laptop,Laptop,15
1152,4,Waste of money,Laptop,14
1153,5,This is not compartable to online classes it's very poor quality,Laptop,64
1154,5,Performance is not good. When you click on some file or folder or running program it takes 20sec of time to open so it's very disappointing,Laptop,139
1155,1,Very bad product Display problem,Laptop,32
1156,1,Very poor,Laptop,9
1157,2,this product is very cheap.,Laptop,27
1158,1,Don't waste money...,Laptop,20
1159,1,"This laptop works really slow. Don't buy it, otherwise, you will regret your decision.",Laptop,86
1160,1,"This is just a box with screen nothing else Please save your hard earn money, don't waste upon this",Laptop,99
1161,3,Very bad,Laptop,8
1162,1,Number keys are not working 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯😡,Laptop,35
1163,1,Slowly performing,Laptop,17
1164,1,Third class product,Laptop,19
1165,1,Very bad product do not buy it.. don't waste money over it...slow processing....taking 5 minute to open,Laptop,103
1166,1,Waste of money.. it's not working after one week,Laptop,48
1167,1,Laptop is more slow,Laptop,19
1168,2,"It's design and memory are very attractive but processor and function are very bad. Very slow functioning, even for start the computer there have taking more than 15 minutes. I am very disappointed by this product",Laptop,213
1169,1,Slow network.problem ....... very bad experience,Laptop,48
1170,1,Don't buy this laptop. It is very very slow to start and also load anything. And paint will go off in case if you sanitize it. After a month the charging is not working.,Laptop,169
1171,1,Lagging problem,Laptop,15
1172,1,"This product design is good 👍 but processor is very slow, battery backup is better ( 4-5 hours) so i will suggest you don't buy add some extra money and buy SSD involved laptop",Laptop,176
1173,1,Damaged product and windows takes time to startup,Laptop,49
1174,1,Very worst product. Don't try to go with this product.,Laptop,54
1175,1,Very worst laptop really don't buy this very slow and stroke,Laptop,60
1176,1,Waste of money Very slow system,Laptop,31
1177,1,I want to replace my laptop but not respond from asus team and Flipkart team,Laptop,76
1178,1,Nice Laptop in this Price good Deal,Laptop,35
1179,3,Verry poor laptop,Laptop,17
1180,1,extremely slow...worthless,Laptop,26
1181,1,Laptop is very good,Laptop,19
1182,1,Performance is pathetic,Laptop,23
1183,1,"Very slow,do not buy",Laptop,20
1184,1,Very slow processer and get hanged even while we operate excel sheets,Laptop,69
1185,1,Body break & nutt lose,Laptop,22
1186,1,"Bought just three days ago. Looks okay. Light weight, good display, bigger keyboard buttons. 1TB hard disk in this price. overall great. However, If Asus can reduce the size which will look attractive, whole plastics is been used instead if they could have used metal, that would be essential. In India we all need low cost laptops for school or small business purpose. And a one more feature essential can make this laptop popular is the backlights in the keyboard.  No company pays attention to ...",Laptop,500
1187,1,awesome in this PRICE... looks good.. processor work good.. ram is 4GB & 1TB hard disk at that price is very awesome.. Best for first time buyers.. and college students,Laptop,168
1188,1,The laptop is good and perfect for freelancing and doing some college works and only thing which I find a little bit of a problem is sometimes it work slow and take a bit much time to open any app or settings etc.  Beside that everything is good!,Laptop,246
1189,1,Slow ....keebord not work 6math,Laptop,31
1190,1,Warmest laptop,Laptop,14
1191,1,Nice product for children studying upto 12. Overall performance is good including battery backup.,Laptop,97
1192,1,Average....good for beginners,Laptop,29
1193,3,It is amazing product in this budget But not useful for any multitasking works but for students ✌,Laptop,97
1194,5,not good ... very bad product.,Laptop,30
1195,5,Very bad laptop,Laptop,15
1196,1,Good laptop but battery back up very low,Laptop,40
1197,1,Bad Don't buy,Laptop,13
1198,4,MS office not supported. Other window also have not supported,Laptop,61
1199,3,Good product,Laptop,12
1200,4,Better for student's,Laptop,20
1201,1,Nice product and fast delivery from Flipkart,Laptop,44
1202,1,it is a good laptop for students but not for gaming It was best expirans for me,Laptop,79
1203,3,"Overall I would grade it 3/5. Display colours are very dim may be because of anti glaze screen. Storage is pitiable.... even my 7 years old Lenovo has got better storage than it. And the worst thing is that I received the product with two minor dead pixels' line at the bottom, these pixels are visible in the pic just above the logo ...... going to opt for the replacement.......",Laptop,380
1204,1,"Iam 7 days used this product . Maybe a good product in this price . But some times gallary is not opened I dont know what is the problam . Keyped not good Camara avg Battary avg , processor is slow best for study purpose and small internet browsing",Laptop,248
1205,1,Awsm product means that's too good nd it's processor is also not too slow ..... I m very happy for this I love it 🥰🥰🥰🥰,Laptop,118
1206,5,Superr,Laptop,6
1207,5,I purchased this laptop good but very slow . Battery backup 4 hours .,Laptop,69
1208,5,Very slow don't buy,Laptop,19
1209,5,Nice,Laptop,4
1210,3,Love it,Laptop,7
1211,4,As per price it's Good product,Laptop,30
1212,5,Awesome laptop,Laptop,14
1213,5,"Good for beginners , online classes etc.",Laptop,40
1214,4,"Not so good,, too much hang, Don't waste your money..",Laptop,53
1215,3,Yerry good,Laptop,10
1216,5,Good,Laptop,4
1217,5,Ok,Laptop,2
1218,4,DO NOT BUY After one month I also write don't buy this product. The speed is too slow to meet the demand. The performance is too bad and it is not worth giving it a review of one star .,Laptop,185
1219,5,Worst product till date. Hangs a lot. I loved Asus laptops but now I'll prefer Hp. After updating it's just hanged as I've shown in picture.,Laptop,140
1220,3,Osam product,Laptop,12
1221,2,Excellent item at this price,Laptop,28
1222,1,"Excellent look,performance, display,sound and battery backup everything is perfect guys go for it",Laptop,97
1223,4,Laptop is very slow you cannot even type single letter it is very very very slow and bad performance and now seller is not replacing the item,Laptop,141
1224,4,"This is review after using 3 months. It is very very slow, even it is not worth for simple tasks like online classes, MS office use. Not recommended.",Laptop,149
1225,1,Performance is very poor,Laptop,24
1226,1,Worst Product... Very very very slow... Also the screen pasting is not proper...,Laptop,80
1227,4,"The worst thing I ever purchased in my whole life...1. YouTube videos are lagging, 2. The screen clarity is not upto the mark, it is as worse as a 5k rupees tablet, 3. Supremely disappointed.",Laptop,191
1228,5,After 5 months update: Working Fine. After purchasing windows need to be updated to get smoother experience. Worth for the price. Don't expect too much. Basic use only.,Laptop,168
1229,5,Very nice laptop. You can buy,Laptop,29
1230,1,At this Price product is awesome,Laptop,32
1231,1,"The laptop hangs now and then ! I bought it 5months back and now it’s gone ! I am searching for how to get it repaired all data lost ! I would suggest to buy higher configuration refurbished laptops instead , if budget is low !",Laptop,227
1232,3,Delivery wonderful..,Laptop,20
1233,1,"Pls add an update to improve display color, it's yellow now",Laptop,59
1234,1,Value for money,Laptop,15
1235,3,Nyc,Laptop,3
1236,5,"Too slow, not of any use. The price was less but the quality was too poor. Did not expect such slow performance. You need to wait for a long time after you opened any application.  Not returning because I don't want to go through all the returning procedures during this pandemic.",Laptop,280
1237,4,Only students,Laptop,13
1238,1,"It is too slowly, sometimes it stacked and went off while using it....Don't buy it just a waste of money",Laptop,104
1239,5,Laptop is good but very slow at normal use,Laptop,42
1240,5,good product,Laptop,12
1241,4,You will feel that you are using weak laptop,Laptop,44
1242,5,Awesome product in low budget,Laptop,29
1243,2,Best,Laptop,4
1244,1,With in this range of price fabulous,Laptop,36
1245,1,Let's see it Just purchased,Laptop,27
1246,1,Good laptop at this price,Laptop,25
1247,5,Budget laptop,Laptop,13
1248,1,Don't buy,Laptop,9
1249,5,Quality is good but battery and keypad low,Laptop,42
1250,5,"Worst performance, don't buy anyone please",Laptop,42
1251,5,Please don't buy....very slow,Laptop,29
1252,4,Don't buy,Laptop,9
1253,4,Very bad laptop,Laptop,15
1254,5,Not warking,Laptop,11
1255,1,Excellent,Laptop,9
1256,4,"Very very very slow laptop, totally waste of money. I am very disappointed that my money ruined on this bogus laptop. This laptop is not recommended to anyone.",Laptop,159
1257,1,Not starting after 3hour charge as per mentioned on manuals kindly help,Laptop,71
1258,1,Ery bed product and very slow system and software .,Laptop,51
1259,1,porr product don't buy only 3days use and verry to much problems,Laptop,64
1260,1,Bad bad bad ... don't buy. Waste of money,Laptop,41
1261,1,It stopped working after 3 days worst product...,Laptop,48
1262,5,As per the given instructions it is very slow hence I have returned the product,Laptop,79
1263,1,very bad qulity,Laptop,15
1264,1,"Problematic after a month. I bought this for my father who uses it only for browsing. Even then, it has a disastrous performance. Boots horribly slow, sometimes it just gets stuck and nothing works. This is not at all a worthy laptop, how much ever low the price may be.",Laptop,270
1265,1,Nice prodect osm Paisa vsul 😅😅😅,Laptop,31
1266,1,"No one help me, windows not started",Laptop,35
1267,1,Perfomance is very poor. Booting time goes anywhere between 3-7 mins. Pathetic perfomance. Never buy,Laptop,100
1268,1,Really bad quality,Laptop,18
1269,1,its very worst product. very slow asus employee come and check he said it is the cepacity for this product. they did not replace. money weast.,Laptop,142
1270,1,Please don't buy for office purpose.,Laptop,36
1271,1,"very slow, not at all usable",Laptop,28
1272,5,Worth for money...enough for students online classes,Laptop,52
1273,1,Dont buy this laptop. Hanging problem and very slow processor.,Laptop,62
1274,1,Very poor performance overall. Extremely slow for basic operations also.,Laptop,72
1275,1,poor performance display not visible very low brightness. 1. slow 2. brightness 3. keyboard light's not available 4. poor performance 5. weste of money.,Laptop,152
1276,1,Very slow start and hang out or wifi connection is bad . battery power is very chip quality,Laptop,91
1277,1,starting look fantastic. But after some months not working properly.,Laptop,68
1278,1,"Too bad, Infact it has gpu but it is not also for light work if there is minus rating,l would give it.",Laptop,102
1279,4,Battery was not good performance but all other performance are good,Laptop,67
1280,1,Its very very slow performer laptop.from the first day it is being hanged.it take lots of time to boot up,Laptop,105
1281,1,Charger is missing from this laptop,Laptop,35
1282,1,very nice product,Laptop,17
1283,1,"This is the worst purchase of my life. The day I recieved it charger stopped working. The laptop is slow like snail. It takes 15-20mins to boot up. They have installed windows10 to this inferior configuration which makes it more worst. Moreover, when I contacted Flipkart to take it back they said it can only be replaced for which they want me to wait 16 days. Please avoid purchasing electronics from flipkart if you love your hard earned money.",Laptop,447
1284,1,Charger 🔋🔌dosent work after 10 days. No help from anyone,Laptop,56
1285,1,Poor quality,Laptop,12
1286,5,Display is worst and it’s going inside when u press the display and the system is too slow,Laptop,90
1287,1,Verry bed,Laptop,9
1288,1,"Very bad product, I bought 15 days before 2 time my product not working, I can’t believe flipcart plateform any more, if seller not ressolve your problem flipcart also not support.. very bad experience this product",Laptop,214
1289,5,Very very slow the processing for new page have to wait20mins... better my 5yrs old phone... waste my money on this laptop.. much much disappointing wit this laptop....,Laptop,168
1290,1,Old processor dont buy it.. It's waste of our valuable money,Laptop,60
1291,1,"Please Don't buy this product, I have purchase new product but processer slow or hang, no return policy..",Laptop,105
1292,1,Prosser is slow,Laptop,15
1293,1,"Not at all good laptop. Really worst laptop ever seen.. Very slow, because of this laptop I lost my job..",Laptop,105
1294,1,"Office not pre-insttal , and very slow",Laptop,38
1295,1,When I got this product. After 10 days its not doing. It's not charging its not switching on. What I do???,Laptop,106
1296,1,Best for Students. Buy a wireless keyboard & mouse and you will be satisfied with built quality issue . Best for use at home . This is my 2 months review. I am satisfied.,Laptop,170
1297,1,Not good enough,Laptop,15
1298,1,It is very sholw and very bed parformanc,Laptop,40
1299,1,Bad product,Laptop,11
1300,1,Bad,Laptop,3
1301,1,Not using Microsoft word,Laptop,24
1302,1,Hanging problem and performance is very slow 😔😌,Laptop,47
1303,5,Very very slow laptop.don't purchase it.very very very slow.,Laptop,60
1304,1,Low range model Please don't buy waste of money,Laptop,47
1305,1,Third class and worst product,Laptop,29
1306,1,Battery not charge more than 60 percentage,Laptop,42
1307,1,sys. working very very very slow build quality of laptop very poor just like baby toys return policy in not available very disappointing with this produch waste of money,Laptop,169
1308,1,Not worth buying this if investing 20 k kindly refer to a second had insted of this one,Laptop,87
1309,1,Very slow processing,Laptop,20
1310,1,Dont buy laptop doesn't seem to start,Laptop,37
1311,1,No start the device,Laptop,19
1312,1,Good product with an affordable price,Laptop,37
1313,1,Satisfied,Laptop,9
1314,1,Totally wastage of money..,Laptop,26
1315,1,"When we got product its performance is worst after few day software window 10 also corrupted now not getting on,,",Laptop,113
1316,1,Very slow processor,Laptop,19
1317,1,"Failure WiFi card , don't buy this model.",Laptop,41
1318,2,it’s very horrible.I never expected this type of waste product from a reputable tech company.I was really disappointed,Laptop,118
1319,3,The laptop hangs most of the time and shuts down automatically for hours and days.,Laptop,82
1320,4,Ms office licance problem,Laptop,25
1321,1,"Hello Seller Sir, I wanna tell you that I turned on my laptop today but it's showing black screen 😑 🤨 😵  Let me know fast ✓",Laptop,123
1322,1,Very slow,Laptop,9
1323,1,Not working well and after few time it was hanging . To much slow laptop and respons by any of them,Laptop,99
1324,1,Verry slow oprateing,Laptop,20
1325,1,Nice laptop in a low budget. If you are not a gamer or need a laptop for your personal use you must go for it. Worth the money....,Laptop,130
1326,1,"Good laptop at this price Design is super Used for browsing, watching movies etc Camera is not good",Laptop,99
1327,1,"Slow function, battery is best sleem design",Laptop,43
1328,1,Average,Laptop,7
1329,1,My laptop 3 days to problem Windows not open 😭,Laptop,46
1330,1,Very low,Laptop,8
1331,1,Bad laptops and bad services bad performance i need my money dont trust and dont buy this laptops,Laptop,97
1332,4,For less price the product is really good. Performance is also good.,Laptop,68
1333,4,"Giving my review after 2 days of use. It is good for normal use. Battery is around 4 hours of constant use I.e. video and net surfing. Those who want quick processor performance, should not buy this. Processor is bit slow. Moreover one should not expect great performance in 18k. Otherwise it's good.",Laptop,300
1334,3,It's so good in this price,Laptop,26
1335,3,Performance was good For price,Laptop,30
1336,1,It is slow working disply is bad qulity battry is not proper work And slow broging working it is bad qulity west of money😞😡😡👎👎👎,Laptop,127
1337,5,Not worth the money,Laptop,19
1338,1,Plz don't buy this... waste of money..it will take soo much time to open any app....pls don't buy this..now it's not working and opening..worst,Laptop,143
1339,5,Fantastic products,Laptop,18
1340,4,Performance is terrible very slow....,Laptop,37
1341,5,Worst laptop ever... it takes atleast 20 minutes to turn on... n once its turned to start any process another 20 minutes... literally nothing works... very disappointed,Laptop,168
1342,5,Value for money so nice buy it complisery so nice must must must buy it complesery,Laptop,82
1343,1,Very nice performance and also good price,Laptop,41
1344,1,"Good product, value of money satisfaction",Laptop,41
1345,1,This is not working please give a good working product,Laptop,54
1346,3,Nice laptop,Laptop,11
1347,5,Very satisfied laptop run 4 hour when fully charged reàlly help me a lot for my work. Performance is also good when operated softly,Laptop,131
1348,1,Disgusting laptop,Laptop,17
1349,5,Very nice and best product.,Laptop,27
1350,5,Very bad don't buy this product and very bad delivery of buy flipkart bad product don't buy it please did not Product very slow waste of money,Laptop,142
1351,4,Very Slow Machine! You can't even browse smoothly.,Laptop,50
1352,1,Poor performance .. really very very bad ...Very very very slow in working......slow processor. Very bad in performance...takes huge much time to start and open the file...very bad experience ....first time utterly disappointed by flipkart,Laptop,239
1353,5,Response is very slow. Not as good as my expectations.,Laptop,54
1354,5,Nice laptop💻,Laptop,12
1355,1,Affordable,Laptop,10
1356,4,"Hanging problem ,.. I had brought for my college use but I can do anything because of the hanging problem",Laptop,105
1357,1,Very bad laptop don't even think to buy it it's having celeron process which is too slow & very old processor and the main thing is that flipkart has not provided any such information.. can't even return it .. Asus is fooling their consumer in which flipkart is supporting them.. The screen freezes each time i start the laptop it runs too slow it responds 4-5 seconds later after clicking.. An honest review don't buy it💔,Laptop,422
1358,1,Love it..,Laptop,9
1359,1,Keyboard was not good. Overall ok,Laptop,33
1360,1,Good laptop in this price range.,Laptop,32
1361,5,Nice for increasing watch time,Laptop,30
1362,4,Nice,Laptop,4
1363,1,Very good product,Laptop,17
1364,1,Nice but processor is slow,Laptop,26
1365,5,Bought king...,Laptop,14
1366,3,Is always good in this price is awesome,Laptop,39
1367,4,Light use,Laptop,9
1368,5,Nice product thank you flipkart,Laptop,31
1369,4,Super best quality,Laptop,18
1370,5,Good product,Laptop,12
1371,4,Battery Avery time low .,Laptop,24
1372,4,Good one with the budget,Laptop,24
1373,4,"Using this device since 1 month, so far good, worth for money, however camera quality is very poor...",Laptop,101
1374,1,Keyboard mistake Very slow processor,Laptop,36
1375,5,So far so good 🤩,Laptop,16
1376,5,Very bad products. I request to you all don't buy it,Laptop,52
1377,4,Nice 👍 product tq flipkart,Laptop,26
1378,4,It's a good product for low budget. Battery performance need to be work,Laptop,71
1379,4,Avaarage product,Laptop,16
1380,4,In the budget laptop,Laptop,20
1381,1,Very slow,Laptop,9
1382,5,Good product,Laptop,12
1383,1,Buy it only if you have patience while working. It lags most of the time. Don't know weather it's a RAM issue or processor issue.,Laptop,129
1384,5,Display not open,Laptop,16
1385,4,NICE..,Laptop,6
1386,3,Nice,Laptop,4
1387,5,Awful system. If you are planning to buy for basic work the system is dead slow not even worth to work comfortably on MS Office with normal internet browsing. It hangs guys. You will cry and repent after buying like me. Just wasted my time and money  🤦🤦‍♀️,Laptop,256
1388,3,It is a very good laptop in budget,Laptop,34
1389,5,"Don't buy ,it's a waste of money!",Laptop,33
1390,4,Awesome laptop charger best bettary awesome Warranty not this laptop my laptop Abhi to achha h,Laptop,94
1391,1,Value for money,Laptop,15
1392,5,Don't buy this,Laptop,14
1393,5,Osm,Laptop,3
1394,1,Got a damaged product after replacement of the first product which is also damaged. The laptop doesn't turn on even after charging for more than an hour or two. Will return the product soon...,Laptop,192
1395,3,Love this laptop at this price rangr,Laptop,36
1396,1,Very good performance,Laptop,21
1397,5,Good segment laptop,Laptop,19
1398,5,Good product. Worth for money,Laptop,29
1399,1,Good product,Laptop,12
1400,4,Not working properly too much hang.,Laptop,35
1401,1,Nice,Laptop,4
1402,3,"One of the worst product recommend everyone not to buy this better u buy kids laptop in place of that, it has no return policy once u buy flipkart making thousand excuse at the time of exchange",Laptop,193
1403,5,System is too slow old model,Laptop,28
1404,5,Very very bad quality and bad product 😞😞 Laptop is highting and slwo,Laptop,68
1405,4,It will take time 5 to 10nim power on time,Laptop,42
1406,5,Best collecti in a good laptop 💻,Laptop,32
1407,1,Extremely slow performance despite only few softwares installed,Laptop,63
1408,4,Good product,Laptop,12
1409,1,"Using it from last 15 days, this is not best choice at all. It takes time in opening any file, i brought it only for study purposes and i am not satiated. I will suggest add some money and go for other. Don’t buy it waste of money",Laptop,230
1410,2,Processer very slow,Laptop,19
1411,1,Bad bad Don't buy,Laptop,17
1412,2,Xlent product in reasonable price,Laptop,33
1413,5,Very bad,Laptop,8
1414,2,Nice product,Laptop,12
1415,4,It's getting hanged from the day I purchased it. My daughter is using it for college purpose . Product is not at all satisfactory. I want to replace the product,Laptop,160
1416,1,Dont bus this laptop totally waste money. Hang every time worst laptop really 100,Laptop,81
1417,3,"The design, battery is good while it works a little slowly. Overall performance is okay, but at this price range it's acceptable.",Laptop,129
1418,1,It was amazing product   But the camera is not good😔,Laptop,52
1419,5,Hello guys please don't purchase this laptop very bad performance taken a longer time for starting,Laptop,98
1420,2,Good,Laptop,4
1421,4,It's a bad product,Laptop,18
1422,1,Ok product. I wasted money. With in three months got repair version old.performsnce very slow,Laptop,93
1423,2,Good and satisfied,Laptop,18
1424,3,",😍😍Yeah it is very beautiful and very valuable money...🤩😍 It is running very fast performance, ❤️ I am very excitement.. thank you Flipkart and Asus....❣️💯😘😘🌹",Laptop,158
1425,4,Budget friendly 😊but little bit slow working 😔. Overall Good ❤️,Laptop,63
1426,1,Good product.....,Laptop,17
1427,5,Asus laptop bad,Laptop,15
1428,1,"Flipkart Service is very BAD. Laptop is not bad, good. it doesnt come with Microsoft Office be-careful its only Windows",Laptop,119
1429,1,Good,Laptop,4
1430,3,This is a very good laptop,Laptop,26
1431,5,All good this price,Laptop,19
1432,5,An amazing laptop but work slowly thats the reason why I give 4star,Laptop,67
1433,4,Poor performance. Also wifi adaptor not working within 15 days after purchase,Laptop,77
1434,1,It s very bad bug problem and connection,Laptop,40
1435,2,"Asus send me a old laptop, suggesting all not to buy the product. still have not replaced. Behavior is too rude with customer. Both Flipkart ans Asus played game with me....",Laptop,173
1436,5,very slow procesor,Laptop,18
1437,5,good,Laptop,4
1438,3,Good product,Laptop,12
1439,4,Over all ok but While browsing its getting very slow !!!!,Laptop,57
1440,1,Very poor system,Laptop,16
1441,1,Very slow working,Laptop,17
1442,1,"Very slow processing. But it's good for light online works like online classes, online shopping etc. Don't expect more. Has genuine Windows 10 by default. Sound is okay.",Laptop,169
1443,1,Don't buy please... System is too slow,Laptop,38
1444,4,"The laptop looks good. Charger is good. Everything okk, but performance very bad. Takes minimum 3 minutes to start and very slow working",Laptop,136
1445,5,Design is ok but processing speed is extremely slow.,Laptop,52
1446,3,Very good product this price,Laptop,28
1447,2,Very very very slow ....... I heat this product,Laptop,47
1448,3,Didn't like it at all,Laptop,21
1449,3,Good product,Laptop,12
1450,1,Very slow laptop.. Don't buy.. Can I return it?,Laptop,47
1451,3,"West of time, poor quality West prodact",Laptop,39
1452,1,"GOOD PRODUCT IN THIS PRICE RANGE I AM USING THIS PRODUCT FOR BUSINESS USE LIKE TALLY, BUSY, BILLING AND INTERNET SURFING. ALSO UPDATE AVAILABLE FROM WINDOWS 10 TO WINDOWS 11",Laptop,173
1453,5,System is too slow it takes time for loading an application. Also taking time for detecting external drives,Laptop,107
1454,2,Nice,Laptop,4
1455,1,Everything on the laptop is on trial version it takes ages to boot don't know what to do with this laptop,Laptop,105
1456,5,Best laptop at thz range,Laptop,24
1457,1,Good products,Laptop,13
1458,2,Ok ok h ...good for students only,Laptop,33
1459,5,Asus is very worst company,Laptop,26
1460,2,This is useless laptop. Has gone bad 2 times in 6 months,Laptop,56
1461,5,I received this lap from yesterday.. In my first view its ok... This is my first laptop.. So I can't judge it... After use of this laptop I will surely tell my opinion about this..,Laptop,180
1462,1,Ptoperly worked only 3days after that hanging problem and after that not ON the display. And the charging point light always blinking without plugin the charger. The charging light has blinking from last 8hrs. Its wasnt off or atleast laptop wasnt On. See the pics i ll upload...,Laptop,279
1463,5,Good,Laptop,4
1464,5,Overall Good,Laptop,12
1465,4,Very slow n battery back up lousy,Laptop,33
1466,1,Best and little slow,Laptop,20
1467,1,Thank You,Laptop,9
1468,5,"Too too slow laptop, don’t know how other users are praising it, its really so bad, takes so much time to start and shut down.",Laptop,126
1469,2,nice system.perfect for online classes,Laptop,38
1470,5,Waste of money,Laptop,14
1471,5,Nice product 🤘,Laptop,14
1472,1,Very good product for this price range 👌👌👌,Laptop,42
1473,3,"I find this laptop best at this price . Laptop in just 20k . performance, design and look is too good 😍. Totally satisfied with the product that is laptop.",Laptop,155
1474,5,"Value for money.. it can be used to browse on net, watch movies, and some minor tasks.",Laptop,86
1475,1,Worst product,Laptop,13
1476,5,Super,Laptop,5
1477,1,Slow start up.. sometimes hangs. But Good for the cost.,Laptop,55
1478,5,Good,Laptop,4
1479,5,Good luking,Laptop,11
1480,5,"Delivery and packaging was good from Flipkart. It takes for ever to login and even load simple apps or even browser. I would not recommend to anyone, even kids for online classes. Dont waste your money on this please !! Not Worth",Laptop,229
1481,5,I am very happy to bought this laptop Thanks to filpkart for this big sale Its very useful for middle class family In this budget laptop very use full for students I love at first sight of this laptop Superb asus keyboard for typing work,Laptop,237
1482,1,nice,Laptop,4
1483,5,Good product,Laptop,12
1484,3,Hanging too much,Laptop,16
1485,5,Overall the best.,Laptop,17
1486,5,Very good product,Laptop,17
1487,1,Service is not good product is not working properly,Laptop,51
1488,5,It’s very slow Initial login screen takes ages to load and start up is terrible,Laptop,79
1489,5,Nice but performance is slow,Laptop,28
1490,3,Very Good Performance of laptop.,Laptop,32
1491,3,Not bad,Laptop,7
1492,5,Lap top is too hang when using wifi or internet. Refund option not available for this product after purchase😖,Laptop,109
1493,5,Good product.,Laptop,13
1494,2,Nice product,Laptop,12
1495,2,I'm totally disappointed with this product. Very basic version. Waist of money. Even OS is trial version.,Laptop,105
1496,5,Bad products,Laptop,12
1497,5,Nice 👍👍😌😌 happy,Laptop,15
1498,5,"Very poor quality , very hanging problem and very slow input running.",Laptop,69
1499,1,"An average laptop for only basis tasks and learning purposes not for multitasking and heavy applications, good for browsing , movies , ms office and study.",Laptop,155
1500,5,Good choice,Laptop,11
1501,5,Good,Laptop,4
1502,1,Speed is very slow don't but,Laptop,28
1503,1,It was very slow process. Its not suitable for multitasking. It take more than one minute for just image openings .,Laptop,115
1504,5,Good,Laptop,4
1505,1,Very low performance Lagging all time,Laptop,37
1506,4,Good,Laptop,4
1507,4,Don't waste your money Very slow processor,Laptop,42
1508,3,Not good product.,Laptop,17
1509,1,Worst laptop.it got damaged in just 20 days .key board is not working properly.,Laptop,79
1510,1,Ok,Laptop,2
1511,4,Though Product is economical rate wise but it is too slow,Laptop,57
1512,2,"Very good product and battery service very good, working very good",Laptop,66
1513,5,Products is very nice,Laptop,21
1514,1,Good,Laptop,4
1515,2,Never buy it,Laptop,12
1516,1,It work slow while performing anything,Laptop,38
1517,5,Best laptop configuration for students. Process wise really good and overall it's worth to buy and value for money.,Laptop,115
1518,3,Awesome laptop good battery I rekerment this laptop,Laptop,51
1519,5,"I brought this yesterday and till now I didn't transfer any data to this laptop totally space is empty but still it's performance very very low.  Even free government laptop performances better than this  Only one good thing is its speaker quality only good otherwise waste of money very hanging, late response etc",Laptop,314
1520,5,Very very slow & battery backup is very disappointed.don't buy asus laptop.only look is very good but performance is very poor.,Laptop,127
1521,5,Thank you❤🌹,Laptop,11
1522,1,product very good and service also very good,Laptop,44
1523,3,Excellent Just go for it...😊👍,Laptop,29
1524,5,"Looks great...good for normal use such as browsing, watching movies..moderate office works...not at all recommended for gaming, coding..",Laptop,136
1525,5,"just for simple uses , some times works very slowly, key board doesn't work properly . not recommended.....",Laptop,107
1526,1,Quality is very bad,Laptop,19
1527,1,Good product value for money,Laptop,28
1528,5,Good but beetey is not good way,Laptop,31
1529,4,Processor is too slow and waste.Good display and battery.,Laptop,57
1530,5,Worst laptop.... Very very slow,Laptop,31
1531,4,Guy's please don't buy this scrap system. Too much hang it takes more than 15 minutes to open system everything is slow don't buy money waste product.,Laptop,150
1532,2,Superb working,Laptop,14
1533,1,Good,Laptop,4
1534,5,Good,Laptop,4
1535,5,Worsted product very hanging problem don't buy this product plz,Laptop,63
1536,1,Hanging problam,Laptop,15
1537,1,"Thank you flipkart, amazing product. Love it❤️❤️",Laptop,48
1538,1,Okay,Laptop,4
1539,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
1540,5,Nice problem,Laptop,12
1541,4,Regret the decision,Laptop,19
1542,1,Very slow performance.Takes lot of times to load each app.,Laptop,58
1543,1,Nice laptop,Laptop,11
1544,5,Very Slow Not Upgrated laptop,Laptop,29
1545,3,Best quality,Laptop,12
1546,4,Good,Laptop,4
1547,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
1548,2,Awesome,Laptop,7
1549,2,The best laptop.I satisfy.,Laptop,26
1550,4,Worst speed and performance. Please don't buy this product. You will regret later.😭😭😭😭😭,Laptop,87
1551,1,Good,Laptop,4
1552,5,Leptop is good... But some function are not good... Pls add cap locks and other lokes light and also support windows 7,Laptop,118
1553,4,Dead slow,Laptop,9
1554,5,Overall speed not up to mark,Laptop,28
1555,5,Very bad product It is too slow don't buy this product,Laptop,54
1556,5,Good for law average laptop Very good for students and online worker,Laptop,68
1557,1,Very bad product... It's very slow,Laptop,34
1558,3,Over all good product,Laptop,21
1559,4,waste of money,Laptop,14
1560,1,Nice product,Laptop,12
1561,3,"Product delivered by Flipcart is not as per specified on their website. Also, Quality and feel of keypad and screen are very poor. Laptop take much more time to startup which create dought on RAM and processor genuine or not. Overall it was bad purchase experience because of no after sell service.",Laptop,298
1562,1,Very nice to good,Laptop,17
1563,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
1564,1,Good price good product,Laptop,23
1565,4,Very Good product.,Laptop,18
1566,5,Super,Laptop,5
1567,4,After 4 month laptop not working,Laptop,32
1568,1,Some good some bed,Laptop,18
1569,5,IT very good product.,Laptop,21
1570,4,Very bad performance,Laptop,20
1571,4,Not much back up,Laptop,16
1572,5,Its ok ok ok product,Laptop,20
1573,5,Very nice products,Laptop,18
1574,1,Very good performance,Laptop,21
1575,3,nice,Laptop,4
1576,5,Hated,Laptop,5
1577,1,Worst laptop and waste of money. Only using for kids video classes but it is not supporting even for that..,Laptop,107
1578,3,Not good,Laptop,8
1579,3,Worst laptop,Laptop,12
1580,5,Good one,Laptop,8
1581,5,"Never ever buy this laptop. If You dont have enough money to buy a higher spec one.., dont buy this types of crap... Its better to throw away ur money....  It is very slowly like 1990 computers, and after 4 or 5 use lap not turning on suddenly.",Laptop,244
1582,5,Very slow,Laptop,9
1583,1,Too slow,Laptop,8
1584,1,Poor laptop. Its really slow. No extra slot even for RAM. Sometimes takes hours to get to home screen,Laptop,101
1585,1,The laptop is superb but at the starting the performance will surely be slow but as you use it continuesly the performance will increase...worth of money writing the review after 3 months of use :),Laptop,197
1586,1,Nice laptop in this price amazing performance loved it,Laptop,54
1587,4,Good,Laptop,4
1588,1,Machine is very very slow it take almost 20/30 to power please don't by very much disappointed from Asus.,Laptop,105
1589,3,Its a decent laptop and is suitable for normal day to day official work and net surf.,Laptop,85
1590,1,"Speed is too low, it takes half hour for restart,don’t buy it",Laptop,61
1591,1,very bad product very hangy processor,Laptop,37
1592,5,Have been using this laptop for more than a month now. The laptops works well and haven't really given me any trouble as of now. I'm happy with this purchase!,Laptop,158
1593,5,Waste of money,Laptop,14
1594,5,It is so amazing and Best,Laptop,25
1595,1,I suggest to use Ubuntu OS in this machine. It is not having capacity to run windows10,Laptop,86
1596,4,Very Happy 😊☺,Laptop,13
1597,1,Laptop is working very slowly west of time and money,Laptop,52
1598,1,WROST product,Laptop,13
1599,4,Best in this range.. Will recommend if you are looking for study purpose..,Laptop,74
1600,1,"This laptop is cheapest laptop in the market with good storage capacity and average functionality. My intention was to buy a storage device and learn ms office, That's why I bought this laptop. If someone is looking for laptop to done basic things like to watch movie, store the data, learn basic features in which high power processor not needed then this laptop is the best at this price. But looking at its ram and processor capacity I don't think that it can work for so long for multiple task...",Laptop,500
1601,5,Good 👍,Laptop,6
1602,1,very very bad product. Very worst performance. Never ever buy this laptop.,Laptop,74
1603,5,Overall outstanding Performance with this price range,Laptop,53
1604,1,Excellent,Laptop,9
1605,1,Ok,Laptop,2
1606,5,Nice,Laptop,4
1607,4,"Pathetically slow.. You can't even operate MS Excel. Can't even open paint and paste your screenshot. I thought of upgrading the processor but it's non removable. I regret for every rupee wasted on it. I was happy that it felt so light weighted to hold, only to realize there is nothing inside 😅 I request Asus to stop it's production, I guess Asus is pushing unsold decades old Intel Celeron processors. But it's absolute waste of customer's money.  DON'T BUY!",Laptop,461
1608,5,Product is good. Only issue is that I haven't installed any software but still the system laggs a lot. I am afraid that of I install basic required software then what will happen.,Laptop,179
1609,1,Too good,Laptop,8
1610,5,Average,Laptop,7
1611,5,Good,Laptop,4
1612,4,Super,Laptop,5
1613,5,"Not Worth , Go For Best",Laptop,23
1614,1,The product is worst in terms of performance. The laptop takes more than 15 mins to boot. It is lagging way too much and it is not useful even for browsing purpose. I am rating this product after my 6 months of usage. Please dont ever buy this one and waste ur money. Now I sold it just for 6000 and buying a new laptop.  It is total bitter experience.,Laptop,352
1615,4,Worst product and service from flipkart,Laptop,39
1616,5,Very slow. Not recommended,Laptop,26
1617,3,Good performance at budget laptop,Laptop,33
1618,5,Bad laptop properly hang,Laptop,24
1619,5,Worust product,Laptop,14
1620,5,Worst ever buy from online. sheer wastage of 21K. Dont ever buy this. the notebook just doesnt turn on with in one month of buy. lesson learned always Buy genuine brands like Dell and HP,Laptop,186
1621,1,Very thirdclass products by asus please don't buy this laptop it's a very very slow.its 1 hours taken for image opening,Laptop,119
1622,1,Exal Not Free 1st purchase 6k then use exal,Laptop,43
1623,2,Please dont purchase. Its very fery slow.. its not even useful for simple browsing. Please dont buy it,Laptop,102
1624,4,"Not too bad not too good. But in this price Range, it's the best option. It's laggy too but okay, if you are not a gamer and just wanna do some little stuffs.",Laptop,158
1625,2,Not so good laptop every things quality is bed.. Please don't buy anyone!!!!,Laptop,76
1626,1,The worst laptop ever.,Laptop,22
1627,1,nice,Laptop,4
1628,1,Nicee product simple supper,Laptop,27
1629,5,Very slow...it can handle only one task at a time.. it hangs while using more than one app or task..,Laptop,100
1630,1,Good product not used for heavy tasks otherwise nycc,Laptop,52
1631,4,Battery backup is only 2 hours,Laptop,30
1632,2,Good,Laptop,4
1633,1,Good product under money,Laptop,24
1634,5,Not so great product. But for basis work it's good,Laptop,50
1635,5,Please don't buy this laptop.,Laptop,29
1636,3,Very slow workinh,Laptop,17
1637,4,This product is useless,Laptop,23
1638,1,Nice,Laptop,4
1639,5,Its worst product from Asus.waste of money.,Laptop,43
1640,5,It's very slow after 2 weeks and went to the service center and they told the processor is very week.,Laptop,101
1641,2,Laptop is very slow. Not worth it. Please don't buy. Even if it is 5k more better buy i series processors.system is very slow.os itself takes 4gb ram.,Laptop,150
1642,1,Litte slow other wise its awesome...,Laptop,36
1643,1,Waste of money.,Laptop,15
1644,1,Auto card not working Very slow this laptop 💻,Laptop,45
1645,4,😡 It shows that asus have the genuine window but within 1 month only the window has been crashed and I have to install the new window really not expected this from asus otherwise the look was good of the laptop but I am very disappointed because of the window 😒,Laptop,261
1646,1,This product is not working properly.its slow,Laptop,45
1647,1,Bad laptop no working any tine hang,Laptop,35
1648,2,Don't buy it,Laptop,12
1649,5,Good but not bad,Laptop,16
1650,1,I THINK WINDOWS 10 with this specification is biggest cons in this laptop . Hardware is not optimised for windows 10 so it makes windows very laggy .. If you can spend 2k or 3k and buy a SSD then it could be super fine,Laptop,218
1651,1,Good,Laptop,4
1652,1,Good,Laptop,4
1653,2,Very worst prouduct hanging problem don't buy,Laptop,45
1654,1,Much Hanging issue.,Laptop,19
1655,1,Overall a good product,Laptop,22
1656,3,Dvd option not available in this laptop,Laptop,39
1657,5,"Don't take this laptop, you'll regret it later. I had to take it to the service center 2 times in 3 months.",Laptop,107
1658,3,System is hanging very frequently after installing two basic softwares. Unable to use it. Waste of money. Audio issue as well. I returned.,Laptop,138
1659,5,Good product. Satisfied me.,Laptop,27
1660,1,"MS OFFICE was pre installed, however unlicenced and not working.",Laptop,64
1661,2,Beast product,Laptop,13
1662,4,As I started to use it I feel like good in terms of performance and battery backup. It's worthy.,Laptop,96
1663,3,Excellent,Laptop,9
1664,1,It is a horrible product don't buy it....,Laptop,41
1665,1,Good product at this price,Laptop,26
1666,5,Slow! You need saprate SSD For OS to boost performance.,Laptop,55
1667,2,"Very slow, disappointed with the same",Laptop,37
1668,4,Very worest,Laptop,11
1669,4,Poor,Laptop,4
1670,5,Good,Laptop,4
1671,1,"It's very dirty to use and for 5 days display is awesome and after it ot started showing me showing me vertical lines and it is not as bright as shown in the picture  ""Don't buy this if you want this laptop for 5 years """,Laptop,220
1672,4,Good,Laptop,4
1673,3,Good product easy to use value got the money,Laptop,44
1674,1,Very bad,Laptop,8
1675,1,"Good product, value for money",Laptop,29
1676,1,Good product for the 24k. Don't expect too much battery life and speed. Otherwise light weight and decent.,Laptop,106
1677,5,Thanks good product,Laptop,19
1678,1,"Processor is not good, but not bad just like ok",Laptop,47
1679,4,Very bad experience with the product. It takes more than 10 mins. to open and facing charging issue. Not worth the price.,Laptop,121
1680,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
1681,3,"Decent piece. Good laptop for entry level. Speed is bit slower, but it is understood for Celeron processor. Enough specs for online learning, watching online content.",Laptop,166
1682,5,Nice working,Laptop,12
1683,5,It's good &easy to handle,Laptop,25
1684,5,Very bad experience,Laptop,19
1685,4,Performance is bad,Laptop,18
1686,1,Very good,Laptop,9
1687,5,Totally waste of money.Returns also not possible..,Laptop,50
1688,5,nice go for it,Laptop,14
1689,4,Decent laptop at the price. I got it for 23 k. The current price is 28k.,Laptop,72
1690,5,Quality is good,Laptop,15
1691,1,NICE PRODUCTS...I LIKE .....,Laptop,28
1692,3,Good Thanks Filpkart,Laptop,20
1693,4,"Want to advice dont buy this product ,its extremly slow you haven't option to upgrade memory. You can just watching youtube or maybe google meet",Laptop,144
1694,1,Value for money,Laptop,15
1695,4,Bad quality,Laptop,11
1696,5,Best at this much price,Laptop,23
1697,5,Good,Laptop,4
1698,5,Very slow running.. worst for ever,Laptop,34
1699,3,Simply waste..Don't buy.,Laptop,24
1700,2,As per price it is good,Laptop,23
1701,5,very slow,Laptop,9
1702,1,It's horrible ONE I bought. Please purchase all this types from reliable physical store. Avoid online shopping for costly items.,Laptop,128
1703,3,Never buy,Laptop,9
1704,5,Nice laptop,Laptop,11
1705,3,Central keyboard body is so weak....always in fear while using it...,Laptop,68
1706,1,Good product for this price,Laptop,27
1707,4,Good acording to price for normal use,Laptop,37
1708,1,Value for money,Laptop,15
1709,1,Brilliant product,Laptop,17
1710,2,Very nice 🥰,Laptop,11
1711,5,Very bad product and very very very bed service for asus anyone never purchase asus product,Laptop,91
1712,2,"date of purchase 09.08.2021 review on 18.09.2021 anyone going to purchase this laptop just change the mind , fully waste of money dont even think to buy, i am totally done with this , it is totally getting hanged i am unable to use ms office, chrome even. please just go for anyother local brand instead of purchasing it",Laptop,320
1713,4,Prdouct is good and delivery boy is fast and supportive .. your daily multi tasking and normal work you can do with this go for it I m happy to buy this one thanks asus and Flipkart 👍,Laptop,183
1714,5,I have purchased laptop 07 days ago. System time taken for open slowly but value for money.,Laptop,91
1715,5,After 1 month not working properly Set down,Laptop,43
1716,5,It hangs a lot.,Laptop,15
1717,5,Bad product it stays like that only for hours,Laptop,45
1718,1,Best product for low budget,Laptop,27
1719,1,I would rate this as an average laptop. Very basic. Its absolutely slow. May be more suitable for students but to start up this laptop takes very long time and hang in between. Average Laptop. Not very happy,Laptop,207
1720,5,"Nice one for kids study purpose, ok",Laptop,35
1721,4,Very slow,Laptop,9
1722,2,Don't buy this laptop ever. I bought it and get replacement from flipkart due to malfunction (cursor stuck in the desktop) Flipkart didn't allow me refund my money . After using 2-3 months again I am facing a problem with this laptop ( side panel power led continuously blinking and I am unable to power on the laptop ).Buy this on your own risk.,Laptop,346
1723,3,Looks are okay. But performance is nil. Hangs even in opening my computer. What else you can expect. Returned on very first day.,Laptop,128
1724,1,"It not working properly, it be hang continue. I am very unhappy to purchase it, i am doing return.",Laptop,98
1725,3,Very good,Laptop,9
1726,3,Very good👍,Laptop,10
1727,4,Worth buying..,Laptop,14
1728,3,It is good,Laptop,10
1729,1,Many times I was thinking about the order......but finally I got my lap...just amazing and look also justified for the value....just love the laptop thank you.....sooo muchhh,Laptop,174
1730,1,"Performance is too bad. Waste of money. After 8 months unable to boot the laptop and encountered issue with display. If we pay some more money, we could get some other laptop with better performance. Do not go for this product due to the price. You are going waste 20k for this product.",Laptop,286
1731,1,Nice one with this budget,Laptop,25
1732,3,1. Very slow. 2. Audio visual problem. 3. Key board is not visible if sitting properly. One will have to bend the neck and body to see keyboard. If used in such body posture one will have to go to hospital for treatment of spondylitis and back pain. 4. Technician visited and agreed with those problems but not agree to replace/return.,Laptop,335
1733,5,"Nice to use, good one.",Laptop,22
1734,4,Taking too much time to open so please don't buy product,Laptop,56
1735,3,Worth for the money,Laptop,19
1736,5,Good product,Laptop,12
1737,1,Wonderful product,Laptop,17
1738,4,Good product. Value for money,Laptop,29
1739,1,The laptop is pathetic in speed... It takes lots of time to boot and while taking classes it hangs up,Laptop,101
1740,5,I am happy for this laptop.,Laptop,27
1741,2,as a biology student i found it awesome./.........,Laptop,50
1742,4,"All is ok ,but Ms office not working fine, need to provide MS software for smooth working. Final review will submitted after using the 💻 after six months.",Laptop,154
1743,5,Worst product... Don't buy this laptop,Laptop,38
1744,5,Plz don't buy thiz laptop very very poor display quality waste of money,Laptop,71
1745,5,Not good,Laptop,8
1746,1,"It's not bad ,nice laptop ,",Laptop,27
1747,5,Good laptop,Laptop,11
1748,5,"HDD is a bit slow with 5400 rpm. Once you change it with a SSD, a cool working laptop at best price.",Laptop,100
1749,4,Good and average product,Laptop,24
1750,1,It is great product in small budget 😊,Laptop,37
1751,1,Asus nice product,Laptop,17
1752,3,After using of one month. Lap look is ok outer body is good and strong enough but the keyboard and mouse parts side quality should be bit high I feel laptop too slow with the 4GB ram when I tried to open file explorer it taking time. And I feel if I install software coding side weather it will work or not. The quality of the display is not good. Overall this laptop can be used for kids for online class and to know about the basic system knowledge.,Laptop,451
1753,5,It is nice🤗,Laptop,11
1754,5,Battery Backup is short,Laptop,23
1755,4,"Slow product , don't ever buy it 😡😡😡😡",Laptop,37
1756,4,It's ok,Laptop,7
1757,4,"Best for basic usage, browsing, attending online class, watching YouTube",Laptop,72
1758,4,Awesome product in this price range.value for maney...suitbale for students.,Laptop,76
1759,1,"Very good laptop for this price , display and battery not upto the level , because I used 70k , 40k laptops . totally Average .",Laptop,127
1760,5,"It's been 2 months since purchased: Automatic getting off, heating issue, Can't even browse. Very poor performance. Please don't purchase this product. Go for other options if you are ready to spend upto 30k My money wasted.",Laptop,224
1761,2,Good product,Laptop,12
1762,1,Unable to switch on at arrival,Laptop,30
1763,3,Not satisfied with the performance. Takes about 5 mins to load the OS and lags heavily for each application. I wasted my money by choosing the cheap product,Laptop,156
1764,4,Fist very Slow working and key board very chip quality,Laptop,54
1765,4,Very slow.,Laptop,10
1766,3,Waste laptop don't by these,Laptop,27
1767,1,Loved it,Laptop,8
1768,5,Audio card problem,Laptop,18
1769,1,In Less money but increase your value and you kept product for its really matter today situation,Laptop,96
1770,1,Good in this price range,Laptop,24
1771,2,It is useful for student for their online clases,Laptop,48
1772,1,Nice product,Laptop,12
1773,1,Overall the system is very very slow.. it takes minimum 10 minutes to get the system on. To access chrome it takes 5 minutes again. The word or Excel doesn't open immediately. Overall the laptop is too slow. I am looking to return the product & buy higher end.,Laptop,260
1774,4,Best budget laptop if you just need it for basic use and zoom meetings .. satisfied with the product .. recommended,Laptop,115
1775,1,Good one simply go for it,Laptop,25
1776,5,Warest product,Laptop,14
1777,5,Price worthy,Laptop,12
1778,4,I like it,Laptop,9
1779,5,"This is budget laptop. I strongly recommend for those who want budget laptop for basic uses and small office uses. I buy this laptop for Accounting work. This laptop not for heavy work only for medium level work. Like ms office, web suffering, online class, data entry",Laptop,268
1780,1,Good,Laptop,4
1781,4,Worst product available on internet today. Dont EVER BUY this dumb laptop. Its super slow and not worthless for even 1000 Rs. Dont buy and save your money,Laptop,154
1782,5,Good,Laptop,4
1783,1,laptop hangs always......,Laptop,25
1784,3,Useful for kids. Value for money.,Laptop,33
1785,5,Very bad,Laptop,8
1786,5,This laptop is looking pretty good 🥰. And also price saver. The features are too good👍. All over the product is very nice. Thank you flipkart. 😃😃,Laptop,145
1787,4,it has only 4gb ram but it is very nice this like laptop you can't get in shop and it worth very less in flipkart,Laptop,113
1788,1,Not good.. Very slow please don't buy,Laptop,37
1789,3,It's taking tooooo much booting time from first use onwards. Battery backup ok.,Laptop,79
1790,1,Flipkart is lacking in customer care and don't buy this defective piece at all,Laptop,78
1791,5,"No internet port, no disc drive, only single drive partition. Very slow in working, hang issues. Waste of money. Tab is better option instead of going such valueless products.",Laptop,175
1792,1,good for this range laptop and performance good,Laptop,47
1793,5,"Very nice product, flip Cart",Laptop,28
1794,4,Awsm product,Laptop,12
1795,1,Not same mentioned as a discripition it's worst experience,Laptop,58
1796,1,Worth of money .. Fabulous product by Asus ..,Laptop,45
1797,1,This time delivery was so fast..just 3 days delivery in village..this product value for money..,Laptop,95
1798,2,"Good Looking , Light weight but slow in operation and I am facing frequent problem of wifi connectivity",Laptop,103
1799,4,Good product,Laptop,12
1800,5,Not bad in this price,Laptop,21
1801,5,"Value for money , the performance and battery backups is very good .",Laptop,68
1802,1,This Laptop gives value money. It's design and performance is good. And the battery backup is some good .Better for Middle class.,Laptop,129
1803,5,very nice,Laptop,9
1804,5,Very very very very very very Bad laptop,Laptop,40
1805,3,Good according to price,Laptop,23
1806,5,"Performance not well! Battery backup is good, the total answer is the value for money.",Laptop,86
1807,3,Great product...but performance is so so...,Laptop,43
1808,4,Nice,Laptop,4
1809,5,Very nice,Laptop,9
1810,5,Asus laptop is very helpfully and Asus laptop is aweosome laptop,Laptop,64
1811,1,My grandson in third standard is using it for his online school. He is very happy. The screen is very good.,Laptop,107
1812,5,Normal,Laptop,6
1813,3,Pls don’t buy this laptop. It’s jus waste of money. It’s extremely SLOW … It takes forever to load a simple Google chrome program…  Pls invest more money and buy a better laptop,Laptop,177
1814,5,🙂 nice leptop,Laptop,13
1815,4,"This is best laptop for studies and gaming I play minecraft, gta 5 4 gb, and racing games This is best laptop for all.",Laptop,118
1816,4,"Don't ever buy this, I trapped, it's working like 10 years old, performing very very slow.. And also it is not returnable, I bought this for 25990 on 19th July 2021, and within one week this price came to 22990.....",Laptop,215
1817,5,Always hangs. Takes more than 2 mins to open a folder or file.... Worst laptop I have purchased ever...,Laptop,103
1818,5,Wrost Laptop i have ever seen… never buy guys… Wrost product…,Laptop,61
1819,1,Very good products,Laptop,18
1820,1,Assus celeron is burst laptop as till now no one came help,Laptop,58
1821,5,processing is slow.,Laptop,19
1822,5,Average product,Laptop,15
1823,1,Don't buy it's a waste of time,Laptop,30
1824,1,Nice,Laptop,4
1825,1,Performance is poor.,Laptop,20
1826,5,They haven't made that strong laptop neither it's hardware Strong nor software it gets hang a lot if you are office employee please Don't buy your work can be delayed for days if it gets hang once.,Laptop,197
1827,1,Windows Deadly Slow.. Poor performance,Laptop,38
1828,2,"This isn't a good product ,",Laptop,27
1829,4,Very very slow preform.waste money don't buy never buy this product.,Laptop,68
1830,1,Super laptol,Laptop,12
1831,5,Worth for paying nice product 👍,Laptop,31
1832,1,Nice Product and good for work from home,Laptop,40
1833,3,Slowly work,Laptop,11
1834,1,God price and vary nice,Laptop,23
1835,3,Very good,Laptop,9
1836,1,Quality is excellent,Laptop,20
1837,5,Good performance for such a low price.Delivered within 2 days.Thank you flipkart,Laptop,80
1838,4,"Good light weight laptop. perfect for kids online class. I was looking for ssd one , Hdd is bit slow but ok for teams classes. Found one issue with camera where it shows ghost images for small movements. not sure if it is a camera or hardware issue. (camera is at 30 fps)",Laptop,271
1839,4,Rating this after 4 days... According to price this is really good..camera quality is not too good but having really hard volume!! Best experience with flipkart l! Go on fir it!❤️,Laptop,179
1840,4,Not working properly,Laptop,20
1841,4,First purchase from Asus...really not satisfied as screen quality is not up to mark as displayed in specifications. Opening takes approx 5 minutes of time. Processor is not good as specified. Sometimes hangs in opening Chrome browser...So I personally suggest not to buy this product. So go for HP or dell product.....,Laptop,318
1842,5,Excellent.....,Laptop,14
1843,5,Good,Laptop,4
1844,5,Excellent on that price.,Laptop,24
1845,3,Budget Laptop with nice design and good performance. inbuilt genuine windows 10 performs fast processing. Battery back up is too good. LED display is HD and Sound quality is superb and high. Overall Best Laptop in this range .,Laptop,226
1846,5,Good product not best Normal working also easy not any problems,Laptop,63
1847,1,No RJ45 Port,Laptop,12
1848,2,After two weeks dead.not working.very bad experience.,Laptop,53
1849,5,after a week of use It got hanged twice. charger that I received was lose,Laptop,73
1850,4,Very good,Laptop,9
1851,5,I really love this product. I it's good budget laptop. I bought this laptop name happy to say that it is very good laptop for online classes and etc work. And display and keyboard was very nicely worked. And the most attracting part is the metallic color of this laptop. I recommended you to bought this laptop. All over it's nice,Laptop,330
1852,4,I understand its low cost price but can't be this worst... and yes most imp. they just don't mean what they promise over the website to sell there product. one of the chip LIEING 4rd class brand . ohh no no sorry can't onsider to e a brand . I swear u will regrate aro make any relationship with this thag company .. 9snt it from china . I guess so ?? j,Laptop,353
1853,5,"Good for nothing laptop. Takes a lot of time to boot. Blank screen for several minutes before display is on. Took 4 - 5 hours to reset. so slow. Finally, returned after several attempts.",Laptop,186
1854,4,Good,Laptop,4
1855,1,Low budget in nice product,Laptop,26
1856,3,The Performance was too bad and I raise to return but its not use..,Laptop,67
1857,5,To slow not able to open exl and google crome,Laptop,45
1858,5,System was slow,Laptop,15
1859,1,"This laptop quality is very bad , Processor is low .",Laptop,52
1860,1,good product,Laptop,12
1861,4,Nyc,Laptop,3
1862,5,Nice product according to price but camera quality is low,Laptop,57
1863,1,best laptop ek youtuber keliye but fix windows 10 home,Laptop,54
1864,1,The worst laptop ever. Don't buy this laptop unless you want to burn your money.,Laptop,80
1865,3,I have been most unlucky to book this trusting Asus over Acer and others. I was fascinated by the configuration and the comments out here but that's just marketing stunt. Felt deeply sorry for my cousin for whom I booked this. 1. CD/DVD Rom makes hell lot of noise. 2. Booting time is more than 15 mins. 3. The speed of clicking any button is sluggish. 4. This is sick laptop even for office use.,Laptop,396
1866,1,Very bad,Laptop,8
1867,4,Value for money,Laptop,15
1868,4,Very poor product,Laptop,17
1869,5,Very worst don't buy,Laptop,20
1870,5,Don't fall for the price.. Its really really slow even for online classes... All it take is a lot of time to start anything...,Laptop,126
1871,1,Very slow,Laptop,9
1872,1,Ohh myy good its mindblowing,Laptop,28
1873,1,"The laptop is awesome but there should be some changes. Like battery should have good backup, camera quality should be good,and performance should be more better than now.",Laptop,171
1874,3,This product is very use full for student & internet surfing  Flipcart delivery boy is nice response & regular time up delivery,Laptop,127
1875,1,Damn good 😍 lovable 😍❤️😘,Laptop,24
1876,1,Ok,Laptop,2
1877,1,Bad quality,Laptop,11
1878,1,Nice product,Laptop,12
1879,5,"Worst performance, hanging,low speed, try not to buy this",Laptop,57
1880,5,"A very honest review about the product - I am reviewing this laptop near about 3 weeks of using it. I find this laptop extremely extremely good in all aspects. Considering the price range and the configuration that I got, its really a perfect laptop. Ideal for students. Light weight.",Laptop,284
1881,5,Very slow,Laptop,9
1882,5,"It is easy to operate ,, literally it is good in that price range you can go to buy if you're looking to have cheap and durable p.c.",Laptop,132
1883,4,Very bed product,Laptop,16
1884,1,Good for student,Laptop,16
1885,4,Average product,Laptop,15
1886,1,worst product,Laptop,13
1887,5,Good laptop for beginners,Laptop,25
1888,3,Good product,Laptop,12
1889,3,Good,Laptop,4
1890,1,Nice,Laptop,4
1891,5,porfamense not good,Laptop,19
1892,4,Nice,Laptop,4
1893,1,Best product but some issue in display but after sometime resolve,Laptop,65
1894,5,Bought laptop 6months back and it's getting stuck every time. Performance level is very bad... I suggest to don't buy this Laptop.,Laptop,130
1895,5,Very slow,Laptop,9
1896,5,don't buy this item....you must cry,Laptop,35
1897,5,Superb!!,Laptop,8
1898,1,Processing very poor.Money waste...,Laptop,35
1899,4,"Pls don't go for it, it's dead slow in opening and closing. You will have to wait for 2-3 min to open a application",Laptop,115
1900,5,SUCH A NICE BUDGET LAPTOP LOOKS VERY COOL..,Laptop,43
1901,1,Its only for lite usage processor if you a student then by it for study purpose,Laptop,79
1902,1,Very Bad,Laptop,8
1903,3,Its little slow but or else everything is ok..,Laptop,46
1904,5,Well,Laptop,4
1905,1,Shortcut keys are not working properly some time lag the system,Laptop,63
1906,1,good,Laptop,4
1907,5,"Best laptop,best for students and study.",Laptop,40
1908,5,Useful product for me.,Laptop,22
1909,4,It's a good budget product,Laptop,26
1910,4,Very good,Laptop,9
1911,5,Product performan not good,Laptop,26
1912,3,Super laptop for this kind of price,Laptop,35
1913,5,Worth for money highly recommended. At this price.,Laptop,50
1914,4,"Good item, I have been using it for 3 months Its good for watching movies, internet browsing,online classes etc , Its value for money and it looks grand , better design",Laptop,168
1915,5,Awesome product,Laptop,15
1916,4,Good by price,Laptop,13
1917,5,Just ok ok,Laptop,10
1918,2,I think it's value for money product,Laptop,36
1919,4,Laptop is very slow. Started facing problem on 10th day onward. Battery not charging. Totally disappointed with this laptop.,Laptop,124
1920,5,I'm satisfied for valuable laptop thank u Flipkart ❤️,Laptop,53
1921,4,6 day use may leptop is dead,Laptop,28
1922,5,Good for casual use and study purpose,Laptop,37
1923,4,Function very slow,Laptop,18
1924,3,Best laptop in 20000 rupees,Laptop,27
1925,5,Good,Laptop,4
1926,1,Ok,Laptop,2
1927,5,Performance is somewhat slow but it worth the price. I got it in just 17k,Laptop,73
1928,1,Laptop is too nice by a rate it's ok Asus but they didn't provide warranty card.,Laptop,80
1929,4,This laptop has just adequate performance for kids online class. It serves this purpose. Don’t expect beyond.,Laptop,109
1930,1,Waste product.,Laptop,14
1931,5,Verry nice ASUS Celeron Dual Core#%&5More Score,Laptop,47
1932,5,Very slow laptop,Laptop,16
1933,5,I have used it 3 days and giving review today is third day. And it's working very slow very very slow. It's meant it take 30 sec to open one folder also. So dissatisfied😒. But the design and display is nice.,Laptop,207
1934,4,It good,Laptop,7
1935,4,Good product,Laptop,12
1936,3,Vry nice laptop. Too much happy. Mny thnx flipcart. always will go with flipcart.,Laptop,81
1937,1,Its very slow.. will need to upgrade to 8 gb ram.. it takes forever to boot..,Laptop,77
1938,5,We are working on this laptop for 30minutes battery charge is going down fastly can you change our laptops battery,Laptop,114
1939,1,"Very bad quality, display is very bad and overall performance is very bad.... Plz don't buy as there will be no option for Refund also...",Laptop,137
1940,3,Not working,Laptop,11
1941,4,Not satisfied,Laptop,13
1942,5,Not good waste of money Better spend 10k extra and go for better one,Laptop,68
1943,5,beautiful,Laptop,9
1944,3,Very bad product,Laptop,16
1945,1,Pathetically slow and updates everyday for one hour. It's probably because of slow processor n the irritating Windows 10.,Laptop,121
1946,1,Excellent product value of money,Laptop,32
1947,1,Best laptop in this price,Laptop,25
1948,2,"System is too much slow,",Laptop,24
1949,1,Nice,Laptop,4
1950,5,Very nice and smooth laptops really I am happy and fkart delivery is very nice,Laptop,78
1951,1,Good looking.....smooth running ...faster delivery I got second day ..,Laptop,70
1952,2,"laptop but it's camera is of medium quality,my brother is so angry with at,thank you flipkart.very slow performance,angry with flipkart",Laptop,135
1953,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
1954,5,Excellent,Laptop,9
1955,2,Style is not important in this products..... Plz dot buy this hard worker just is only browse tha chorom only,Laptop,109
1956,5,Awesome laptops I love it Performance is very nice 1 day delivered Really I love it Thank you for Flipkart,Laptop,106
1957,5,Very slowly,Laptop,11
1958,4,very bad,Laptop,8
1959,2,You can go with This,Laptop,20
1960,5,Very nice product,Laptop,17
1961,5,Nice,Laptop,4
1962,2,Laptop is good but ms office not inbult,Laptop,39
1963,5,Very poor 💩,Laptop,11
1964,3,Thank you so much,Laptop,17
1965,1,Good deal in budget.,Laptop,20
1966,5,Good laptop this look is very well and battery back is some good,Laptop,64
1967,5,Performance is poor Battery backup is less,Laptop,42
1968,4,Good,Laptop,4
1969,5,"Very bad product, system very slow",Laptop,34
1970,1,Good product but sound is not good,Laptop,34
1971,5,Never thought it will such a useless model. Performance is worst. I will suggest put 5-6k extra money and buy intel 3 processor rather this Celeron processor. I'm Hardly able to open 2 or 3 software together after waiting for 10 min also.,Laptop,238
1972,4,Just basic. Ms office we had to upload,Laptop,38
1973,5,"Quality wise good. Like screen, weight, size etc.....  But performance is poor. So slow, not good for official work.  I M using it for Facebook YouTube and surfing only.....  waste of money on time",Laptop,197
1974,2,"It works very slow, gets hanged not a good product",Laptop,50
1975,3,Good product,Laptop,12
1976,1,"Please don't buy this product , worst standby in battery power. You may need to keep charging the battery",Laptop,105
1977,3,It looks very good and it is working very good.i think it is best choice for this price,Laptop,87
1978,1,Poor perfirmance. 100% wastage of money...,Laptop,42
1979,4,Worst processor in the world...never buy this even for light work..can handle a single browser tab,Laptop,98
1980,2,This is nice product at this price but you can go for another if you have some. Extra money....I am writing this review after using of 3 months ....almost good I gave this 4 out of 5 ....,Laptop,187
1981,3,Too good laptop for beginners but lagging too much but also fair enough in this price,Laptop,85
1982,4,very bad product. slow,Laptop,22
1983,1,Very poor performance,Laptop,21
1984,5,Great product!,Laptop,14
1985,1,"Awsome, on this price. Same as pic. You can purchase this laptop without hasitation.",Laptop,84
1986,1,Ok ok not much appreciated,Laptop,26
1987,5,Good product,Laptop,12
1988,5,"This laptop has a Celeron Dual core processor so don't expect that much performance.  You can play some old games like Max Payne 1 or Probably IGI 1 and IGI 2.  This device is good to stream Netflix or YouTube, play some music and probably some google search. Yes it's is preferable for moderate multitasking.  You can do your online classes too, camera isn't that good but it is manageable with proper lighting conditions.  Battery is magnificent I am getting 5 hrs backup.  This comes with a...",Laptop,496
1989,1,Good product,Laptop,12
1990,1,"It's a incridible laptop in this price range, it's amazing to daily use in office also.",Laptop,87
1991,5,Two much of hang,Laptop,16
1992,5,Good,Laptop,4
1993,3,"Don't waste your money. Just one month passed I've purchased it, it's not charging. God knows what to do.",Laptop,105
1994,4,It's good product but be aware after you get the product be careful because I got pirated window (I am againt seller )so be carefull .and also contains Bluetooth problem .Otherwise good product under this cost,Laptop,209
1995,4,At this price it is a fine product. For basic use it is good.,Laptop,61
1996,5,Nice product special for students,Laptop,33
1997,5,Superb,Laptop,6
1998,1,running too slow Hi any App is taking too long laptop open slowly,Laptop,65
1999,3,Very bad product,Laptop,16
2000,1,Camera quality is poor,Laptop,22
2001,4,It's very slow and hang frequently,Laptop,34
2002,4,Very very slow laptop . Gst input not received.,Laptop,47
2003,5,Keyboard is not sufficient,Laptop,26
2004,5,Rapid hang problem,Laptop,18
2005,3,"Product not charging and not as per Indian standards,when you press the @ key "" symbol appers????????????????",Laptop,109
2006,1,Nice laptop,Laptop,11
2007,3,Value for money,Laptop,15
2008,1,Very slow system,Laptop,16
2009,1,Extra ordinary mind blowing fantastic,Laptop,37
2010,1,Prosessor not good System very slow,Laptop,35
2011,2,One of the worst product i have ever seen.. Pls dont buy this product.. Waste of money.. Filpkart pls help me if i can return this product.. I havent used this product not even getting open.. Pls help me.. And for others pls dont buy i urge you not to take this step.. Am totally disappointed and frustrated..,Laptop,309
2012,1,Good product for Beginners,Laptop,26
2013,5,Good product,Laptop,12
2014,4,Good,Laptop,4
2015,1,Good,Laptop,4
2016,4,Little slow as other laptop. Boot speed is slow. All Good,Laptop,57
2017,1,One word: Useless! The laptop cannot even perform basic browsing functions. You will have to wait after every click of the mouse. Honest suggestion: Spend a little extra and go for a better laptop.,Laptop,197
2018,1,Nice looking good work,Laptop,22
2019,5,Very good for economie price & also in use...I like it & suggest to brought it...,Laptop,81
2020,4,Good product,Laptop,12
2021,5,It's good,Laptop,9
2022,4,I have no words for example purchased this laptop. Thank you so much flipkart offer in this range provide.,Laptop,106
2023,3,If you want to use only msoffice and PDF file then this laptop is best for you..,Laptop,80
2024,1,Very good and good quality,Laptop,26
2025,5,Superb,Laptop,6
2026,4,After 3 months usage Horrible😱 experience. In first month it was running so smooth But after 1 or 2 months it s very bad.... Don't waste money here Soo disappointed😞😞,Laptop,166
2027,5,Processor is very low,Laptop,21
2028,3,"The laptop is very good, it is also very beautiful and the speed is also well",Laptop,77
2029,4,it is good for basic studies and all the work .,Laptop,47
2030,5,Average performance,Laptop,19
2031,5,Good but prossses is slow,Laptop,25
2032,5,"Good for beginners, slow booting , speakers are good",Laptop,52
2033,1,The laptop is a mid segment and offers basic features for students as well as professionals. The laptop is of decent performance and is light weight and has all basic features.,Laptop,176
2034,2,It's quite slow even when you just setting it up. But i guess it's value for money. You get enough for the amount you paid.,Laptop,123
2035,5,"I have got this little damage product but no problem from it, really very good performance. This is a great laptop for students",Laptop,127
2036,5,Volume button not working worst 🤬 late prosser plz don't buy this,Laptop,65
2037,4,Good for students and normal work awesome product but will have slow after some month I will be disappointed,Laptop,108
2038,3,Battery backup is excellent. Processor bit slow but can be managed . Over all..as per price tag its perfectly fine,Laptop,114
2039,4,"It is good for students and best for normal uses,",Laptop,49
2040,5,Lenovo IdeaPad s145 ryzen3 4gb 1tb  Performance-4 Design-4.5 Battery- using internet 4 to 4.15 hours Using zoom app apporximatly 4hours Offline applicaton without any internet around 6hours Offline movies 4hours Booting time: around 20-30sec Over all good for students. I have given detailed analysis about battery Because I see people are more varied about battery. Note:all battery information I have provided are under battery sa...,Laptop,435
2041,4,"Good laptop for the money. Windows is unusable for me with default configuration (HDD, 4Gb ram). Upgrade ram as soon as you get it for better performance on dual channel memory. There is one empty ram slot and Lenovo manual says upto 12Gb total ram is supported. That is 8 GB ram can be installed in the slot. I've only added 4g. Please remember that 2Gb will be dedicated to the GPU and there's no option in bios to change this. So I had only 6Gb available ram for programs and services. It has o...",Laptop,500
2042,5,"Don't waste your money for assemble pc😎.  It's good to know about laptop thing. Premium budget laptop better than assemble desktops.  Good buy if your budget is low and you wanted a fine good looking thing for basic uses like net surfing, watching movies with your partner 😍 and of course study also. Buy this.",Laptop,310
2043,2,"Vary nice ❤️❤️ laptop ❤️❤️😲😲 speed is best i3 and 7gan se better bud battery 4 hours ago good ❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰 prosser🥰 fasst............. Ok,,,,,,",Laptop,140
2044,2,"So the very first thing is 4gb ram which is way too low to do anything on this stylish and slim laptop. But thankfully it comes with an empty slot for the same. I had to buy kingston ddr4 8gb 2666mhz ram for Rs.2500 to actually get this laptop to work as otherwise it would utilize 80-85% ram on just opening a web browser. 8gb is the maximum additional upgrade allowed. You can buy 2400mhz or 2666mhz. Apart from that, you get original windows and ms office at this price! Antiglare screen is goo...",Laptop,500
2045,4,First of all I got this gadget in a very low price which was a cool deal with this specifications. No doubt specs are too good but here are some pros and cons after usage of two weeks approx.  Pros:  Design is really good and keys are smooth  Storage is also good  RAM  Genuine windows 10  Genuine microsoft office  AMD ryzen 3 processor  Light weight  Big display  Sound quality is crisp at a defined point  Battery charging time is almost 3 to 3.5 hours from 0 to 100  AMD enabled radeon graphic...,Laptop,500
2046,5,Got this laptop in 24000 only . Best laptop For personal nd simple work . But If you want to do heavy work then you should buy SSD RAM variant for fast performance. Which having cost of 28000 I think . Overall good laptop Battery backup is 2-2.5 hours if you continuously use it.,Laptop,279
2047,4,It's a great laptop I got it under 29k best buy for me and just add 4gb ram to it and see the magic happen it's too good,Laptop,120
2048,4,"Product is worth five stars for the price of 22k-24k. Though I bought this @29k during lockdown since my old laptop crashed. If you can wait for the price drop to 22k-24k, go for this without any second thought. But for the price of @29k, i would recommend to go for ASUS having same specs but much better battery backup.  Pros: 1. Design is good, display is good. 2. Ryzen 3 is much better compared to i3 7th gen. 3. Comes with MS office 4. Speakers are good.  Cons: 1. Mouse touch pad is n...",Laptop,494
2049,5,"I am using this laptop since 1year. No complaints. Running perfectly. But it is little bit slow response. It's because the storage device is hdd which has slow read rate. When I upgraded to ssd and 8GB ram , it is performance beast. It is also capable of running games in medium settings. Overall I will four star. Acer aspire 7 is more better than this. If we considering the budget. It is the best laptop",Laptop,406
2050,5,"I think this is one of the finest laptop i ever bought Looks good , best battery backup, performance is very fast with ryzen 3 dual core, Ryzen 3 dual core is far better than Intel i5 10th gen It will give u battery backup of around 5 hrs Go for it guys",Laptop,253
2051,3,"I'm gong to brief about the Pros and Cons only.  Pros - 1. Ryzen 3 Processor 2. AMD Vega 3 Graphics 3. FHD Screen 4. Light weight 5. Windows 10 and MsOffice pre installed 6. Looks  Cons - 1. Battery backup 2. TouchPad 3. Webcam  Now on a simple note for day to day office work or students assignments, surfing its a great deal. If you are thinking of gaming then don't go for it. Else product is good.",Laptop,401
2052,3,I SO HAPPY THIS IS MY FIRST LAPTOP THANKS FLIPKART GIVE ME FAST DELIVERY AND GOOD SERVICE THERE IS NO FRAUD FROM FLIPKART YOU CAN TRUST THE FLIPKART,Laptop,148
2053,4,"Build Quality is Not so Good, Track-pad is decent enough for daily use. Performance is good considering the price Thanks to Ryzen 3 3200U (Recommend to buy Variant with Ryzen 3 4000 series). Main bottleneck for this laptop is the HDD. Because of hard disk this laptop doesn't feel snappy(AMD is not to be blamed). I recommend Upgrading to SSD or buy a variant with SSD. Display is very good with decent viewing angles. 4 Hours + battery life with fast charging.",Laptop,461
2054,5,"Honest Review  I am writing this review after using this laptop for almost 2 months. Overall quality is average unless you have upgraded RAM. I an waiting to purchase an 8GB RAM because RAM consumption is too much by the Windows App, 600MB is reserved by hardware as well. I haven't used any SSD powered laptop so I can't say buying it will speed up your performance or not but am sure with the RAM.  So when I play game (GTA IV) on this laptop. CPU usage is always around 30%-40% RAM usage is a...",Laptop,498
2055,4,It's really. Value for money. Performance wise it's good. Not to expect quick boot and fast multi tasking. But it's quite ok for daily single task activities. Laptop is not much sturdy. Noisy keyboard and noisy mouse pad. Probe to Scratch. 180 degree display is very supportive and still not giving confident not over usage. Though these are all not in harsh note. It's overall good product in this price point.,Laptop,411
2056,4,"A good laptop in the price segment . Dont exoect it to run heavy gaming or work, it's good to go for moderate users like bwosing studying and work.",Laptop,147
2057,5,Overall a good product for this price!! Display is good. Battery backup is around 4 hours. Speaker clarity is awesome.... But not more loud. Performance is better than i3 7th gen processor. Ram upgrade is must for improving the speed of the machine.,Laptop,249
2058,4,"A really good product considering that it's so affordable, I recommend it to anyone who needs it for basic tasks like surfing, typing, school and office work in general. However, I would recommend that you upgrade the RAM a 4GB upgrade would be ok, but I recommend adding another 8GB as a lot of it is taken by background processes (I was even able to play GTA V with the 8GB upgrade) The only little problem I have aside that is the display is a little off coloured.",Laptop,467
2059,4,"good laptop at reasonable prices .charger size is small, but speed is not up to the mark. ok for basic college work",Laptop,115
2060,5,"This is a must buy laptop if you wish to get a laptop in 30k as it includes graphics too If you wish to get a laptop for normal use it is the best laptop don't go for a second think to buy this , the display and the features are ausumn  One thing you need to keep in mind is the battery it last for 2, 3 hours on heavy usage. It sometimes hangs but after updates the laptop is working fine (it's an honest review)   I am Giving the review after using the laptop for a month",Laptop,473
2061,4,Got this 1 in offer by flipkart big billion days for just 2500....many suggestions i received in terms of low budget laptop..but i wanted to try this product...but this has led me so far aftr months of usage..it comes with great display atleast compared to other brands in this range...but rest all depends upon the user how he manages his pc. but to me its little slow in terms of opening an application but its fine manageable...overall its the most decent 1 i came accrossin this price range.,Laptop,495
2062,4,Worked fine till 6-7 months after that started lagging. Very slow performance. Battery backup is just 2 hours. Low end pc. Motherboard got damaged in just 11 months. The new motherboard replaced by lenovo is not working properly. I think it's not good for heavy usage. The laptop is not as good as expected.,Laptop,307
2063,5,It's awesome laptop doing great work when u creat account first time it's take time after that it's works excellent and battery is average and I get in 25k on big billion days and it's work smoothly,Laptop,198
2064,5,first of all battery backup is not good design is good webcam is totally poor quality low grade plastic is used so build quality is zero performance is also not so good it takes approx 40_50 seconds to boot after installing all the drivers instead go for acer aspire ryzen 3 with better build quality and performance,Laptop,316
2065,5,"This one is good if you are looking for general usage. Ram need to be extended for better performance. Camera should be enhanced more , currently it is poor. Other than this is ok for a student.",Laptop,194
2066,3,"It's a good laptop, ideal for students and office work. But it's not for coding and programming 4gb ram is less for this. Initially the laptops hangs and a bit slow but after all the security patch and windows update it runs completely fine. Battery life is not as good also AMD processor consume more power and camera is really bad.Also this colour gets dirty very easily. Till now I'm not finding any more problem. I'm writing this review after 10days. I got it for rs.31,990/ at this price this...",Laptop,500
2067,4,"It's not the best laptop I've ever used but it's certainly the best bang for buck at this price. I invested some more into the laptop (added 8gb ram, replaced hdd with ssd) and the performance shot through the roof!  I have two issues though - the display chassis is a little too flimsy (wasn't expecting much at this price anyway), and the display itself is sub-par. I had to calibrate it manually to make it bearable but all's well if ends well.  In short, you can't get anything better at this...",Laptop,499
2068,4,This is my first ever purchase of laptop. I am using it for last 6 months and after that I'm reviewing the product. 1. The battery performance is medium. In power saving mode the performance is better. Upto 4 to 4.5 hours. 2. The screen sometimes become grey so clarity is medium. 3. Dolby sound system is very good. 4. The touch pad system is not upto the mark. It's better to use a mouse. 5. The build quality is also good in this price. 6. For better performance you just need to upgrade the R...,Laptop,499
2069,3,"This is not a student laptop, but I would like to say it's also for professionals.  I can perform following things very smoothly:  Web development with .net framework Adobe Photoshop Android development Multitasking Smooth video editing like filmora AutoCAD MATLAB. Etc YouTube professionals work    Below are the issues In short it is not a software developer or engineers laptop. Better you look for i7 + 16 GB ram with 500ssd  -one more thing Ryzen 3 is best as compare to i3 for sure.",Laptop,488
2070,5,Laptop is very good performance is very good and battery performance is also nice and charging is 65 word which charge the laptop at very low time performance is super at this the price point,Laptop,191
2071,3,Lenovo is preloaded with default apps which makes the performance slow. Better to disable all those apps not to run on the start up to improve performance. Even I was literally feeling like returning but being an engineer thought give few more days.. suggest Lenovo team also to reduce the preloaded apps or send the technician who comes and does the first time installation and set up. This might be useful for common man  Lookwise it is awesome 500+ mb is dedicated to for display So we get 3.5 ...,Laptop,500
2072,3,"Perfect home laptop. Good graphics. And appealing outlook. 15.1inch. and compact and wonderfull. It doesn't have the CD slot. The only disadvantage I found.  Apart from that's this is good with, teams, photoshop, Adobe premiere etc. Its awesome for those type of softwares. And its like good enaf.",Laptop,297
2073,4,"Got it for 24k, good for the mentioned price, don't go for it above 25k, good thing is it can be extended ram and SSD, display is decent and viewing angle is not upto the mark.",Laptop,176
2074,5,"Well, using it for several days and it never disappointed me so far. I was a little bit confused about AMD but then found Ryzen 3 3200U is actually better than Intel's i3 8th gen and it can compete even 10th gen in terms of clock speed.  Looks like one must update RAM since it's 4gb isn't enough for multitasking cause it's Slow and Sometimes hangs. And for further betterment one can go for SSDs(NVMe only otherwise replace the HDD)  Display is quite decent in comparison (in that price segment)...",Laptop,500
2075,4,Pro Decent product and built quality compared to price of laptop. Two side bezel definitely look good. R3 is great for light work ideal for office work which doesn't involve heavy software. Most importantly it is cheaper than I3. Keypad is great and button quality and finish is goods Preinstalled Windows and MS office greatly reduce your installation hassle and makes it perfect for non-tech users.  Cons It made in China. Though it has a Graphic card it is not a gaming laptop. Screen is brigh...,Laptop,499
2076,5,Awsome laptop in affordable range! Must good going laptop for students and basic uses! Package is nicely.. full care has been taken.. Overall its worth it!,Laptop,155
2077,5,Laptop is Best in 27K but 4Gb Ram is not Sufficient if you are a casual user then buy it other Wise its waste of money not recommended for Gaming or Editing,Laptop,156
2078,3,I bought this laptop in big billion day sale. It has only 4gb ram. Better to upgrade extra 4gb. After adding extra ram it's work like charm. Battery backup is not that much good. But at this price what you expect. Sound quality is very low after enabling Dolby audio. If your budget is between 25k to 34k definitely buy this one . MS OFFICE is with life time validity. And McAfee Antivirus with 1 month of trial version,Laptop,419
2079,4,"This laptop is good for a student like working in ms excel,word,powerpoint and editing and checking email.this laptop only comes in 4gb ram whch is soldered to the motherboard so u can grab another 8gb of ram from flipkart so u can make it much more powerful but not good as expected.",Laptop,284
2080,4,"Excellent product. Early delivery by Flipkart. Good packing. No issue in operation of machine. No issue in activating preinstalled Windows 10 and MS Office 2019. Mcphy antivirus was preinstalled aswell. Overall a good purchase in INR 24490 including one year warranty. Those who are planning to buy core i3 9th generation may consider it as it's performance is no lesser than i3 8th generation and in most of the aspects of performance and several games, it leads i3 9th generation. One more USB p...",Laptop,500
2081,3,"The laptop is very good in terms of daily office work and study, Do not expect it to out perform the specs. It is a decent laptop which will give you enough to get going. But if you want high speeds and extreme multi tasking, then go for a better one. If Study and office work( Spreadsheets, multiple chrome windows, drive etc.) is your concern then its just fine.",Laptop,364
2082,4,I got this laptop in 23k in bbd sale . Design wise this is beautiful laptop but handle with extra care Display of this laptop is not bad it is full hd and too bright but viewing angle make me unhappy other wise gud display. Performance of this is gud for beginners but for multitasking i have addes 8 gb 2400mhz ddr4 ram in extra slot now multitasking is very smooth . Battery is weak point in this laptop it last in 2 to 3 hrs max.but if u have very tight budget go for it in place of second ha...,Laptop,498
2083,5,This review is based on few hrs use without any more aap download pre installed windows 10 and ms office this is great but I check battery very keenly because battery is main component of laptop. Use only screen with internet for video backup is 3:30hrs . Use any task with involved processor power . Backup time is 1:45Hrs which is not gud but in this Corona time all laptops and mobile are very high in price no laptops offer this type of specification in this price range design is ok not ...,Laptop,495
2084,4,I purchased it for my younger one. Performance is pretty good and I like the way it is slim and handy at this price range.  Recommended product.!,Laptop,145
2085,4,"The feel and design is pretty sleek and its genuinely light weighted. Battery performance is average but its good for office work &/or for Work from Home purpose. Biggest down side is that the speakers in this laptop is very low. Ryzen 3 vs Intel 3 was a challenge but if you are saving 2-3K with Ryzen, go for it. Overall satisfied with the product.",Laptop,350
2086,4,Go for it...🔥,Laptop,13
2087,5,laptop is okk in this price range .....bt i faced issues with display ...camera...bluetooth drivers.....lenovo website is also not providing any proper solution regarding driver installation......rest of things r okkk......flipkart delivery is grt as usual......bt overall .. I'm personally not satisfied with this product.,Laptop,323
2088,5,I am so much happy with flipkart delivery and my product is so much good,Laptop,72
2089,5,"Awesome laptop, buy this from tatacliq in just 22k here almost 25k",Laptop,66
2090,4,nice laptop display 5/5 battery 4/5 full hd display view angle 4/5,Laptop,66
2091,5,The main think is battery.. which is not up to mark,Laptop,51
2092,3,all of good performance but only one issue battery is not good,Laptop,62
2093,5,good product at this price range but i am sick of hearing fan voice in this,Laptop,75
2094,3,start up take more time than usual and battery us 35wh better if lenovo upgrade to more no fan speed no heating problems and fast charging inbuilt mccafe av superdb this is my 2nd lap first one i3 dell compared to dell lenovo is good,Laptop,233
2095,5,Product is good.. Performance is also good.. MS OFFICE lifetime free with linking to your Microsoft account... Don't forget to activate it.. Display Ok.. Battery OK (around 4 hours). Speaker Good after updating Drivers and setting to Dolby... Warranty is to update by ownself at lenovo,Laptop,285
2096,4,Value for money,Laptop,15
2097,4,"1.battery-8 2.dispay-9 3.brightness-8 4.sound-7 5.charging-8 6.weight-9 7.build quality-7 8.heating -8 9.value for money -9 10.packaging-9  My overall rating 82/100 You can buy it without any confusion if you want buy laptop for Schoo/College works OR For daily tasks like Browsing,Office work. Since it is lightweight and plastic built, Should handle it very carefully.",Laptop,370
2098,3,Best for this price range! Except for the battery life of 3-4 hrs. Good FHD display! Comes with Windows 10 & MS office 2019 pre-installed!,Laptop,138
2099,4,beyond the level of what is expected. though I bought it for 22990/- with an AMD Ryzen processor it works amazingly. worth for money. no need to spend too much of money unwantedly for Intel Processors.,Laptop,201
2100,3,great design great display with narrow bezel upgrade ram and ssd it will be a perfect laptop for average gamming,Laptop,112
2101,5,Best choise in 29990,Laptop,20
2102,5,"Slower than turtle 🐢, battery consume like 1000cc sports bike, look like charm 💓",Laptop,80
2103,5,"Wost don't take this product, no one will care after your order reched to u n u won't get return oftions  1. Fast draining battery 2. Slow working 3. System applications won't work properly 4. Think sencond sells",Laptop,212
2104,4,Worth for your money nice product,Laptop,33
2105,4,Value of money best laptop in range Good battery backup Fast charge Normal speed,Laptop,80
2106,4,Faulty unit..OS crashed Several times wuthin 15 days User has to spent 5+7 hrs to do all things as per ONLINE support and later they saying HArddisk crash.  Unit dead and lenovo not having serviceable part and neither reolacing unit.Flipkart saying ..it is not our business.  Prefer Local Shop,Laptop,293
2107,5,Best product for beginners ...easy to understand ❤️❤️❤️best one.. thank u 😊Flipkart..loved it,Laptop,93
2108,5,Amazing product.,Laptop,16
2109,1,The laptop is average...what's really disappointing is the display...when put on full brightness it still cannot make things bright....bad viewing experience.,Laptop,158
2110,1,"I have purchased this laptop on 26.06.2020 , it is very smooth to handle , games can be played , Perfect laptop for daily use I have purchased it for 24990 , Finally you can go for it undoubtedly",Laptop,195
2111,4,"less than decent battery backup (less than 2.5 hrs), other aspects appear ok (used for about one month till date, mainly zoom meetings), sound from in-built speakers could have been louder",Laptop,188
2112,4,"very bad , it hang always ,cant browse even email",Laptop,49
2113,1,"Literally struggling from past two days, this laptop is getting me sick. Boot time is almost 5+ minutes and windows tiles freeze when executed app search. Cortona 🙏 pathetic with this low end machines. YOU SHOULD ORDER RAM ASAP WITH THIS LAPTOP, ELSE YOU SHOULD HAVE A PATIENCE LIKE MONK TO WORK WITH THIS. 🙏  If I open any application, it takes 25-30 seconds to appear/prompt.  And Excel/word should be left to god's rescue. HORRIBLE.  Not sure whether I got something defective or performanc...",Laptop,496
2114,5,Don't Buy.. Very Slow..,Laptop,23
2115,5,"Here is my honest review after using this laptop for 6 months(I belong to a technical background)- Extremely disappointed with Leveno. I am regretting after buying this laptop. I hardly had any expectation with this laptop, still I am utterly disappointed. Their technical support team (on phone) is very incompetent and inefficient and unable to understand/resolve my issues on call. The issues I have been facing from day 1: 1. Fan does not work and hence the laptop is heating too much. 2. Blu...",Laptop,499
2116,1,Bad laptop.....lots of problems......it is not good as shown on paper.....not recommended at all.....,Laptop,101
2117,5,Good at this price range. Without thinking just go for it..,Laptop,59
2118,4,"Very slow, Battery is not good. Drains very fast",Laptop,48
2119,1,"Nice laptop, smooth performance , all should go for it 😀",Laptop,56
2120,1,Best in this price range,Laptop,24
2121,1,It is good but it is slow,Laptop,25
2122,1,antivirus show for one year but given only 1 month .,Laptop,52
2123,1,Superb u should go for it.....without any doubt!,Laptop,48
2124,4,simply outstanding......top class performances,Laptop,46
2125,1,Very very slow... Fully disappointed plz don't buy. My all money is wasted,Laptop,74
2126,5,If you have budget of 30k then go for it.,Laptop,41
2127,5,It just a awesome laptop in budget range It good for students and for daily work ...😍😍😍😍,Laptop,88
2128,3,Battery backup is low. Sound is not good. Performance is OK,Laptop,59
2129,3,Laptop is good but it hangs sometimes. Laptop taskbar comes delay in screen,Laptop,75
2130,5,Ok.,Laptop,3
2131,5,horrible.stopped working within 3 days.,Laptop,39
2132,1,I purchased this product 5 days before.very worst experience...bad battery life..I requested for return the product,Laptop,115
2133,5,"Everything's are good, only the length of the charger is very short.",Laptop,68
2134,4,"This is a nice budget laptop and looks premium.. But the problem is the battery, if you will upgrade it with better SSD and ram it will give you decent performance. it supports m.2 nvme...",Laptop,188
2135,3,"Design in this range is awesome. Performance is also good for normal work for students. One problem : fan is noisy , now i feel i have to two fan in room one ceiling fan another laptops fan.",Laptop,190
2136,5,"Overall Laptop is good under 25 thousand but the problem is with its battery its battery life is upto 3 hrs maximum for normal use battery is not upto the mark and ryzen 3 processor is good for normal use, although it has FHD display but its viewing angle is not good... Main problem is with its battery lenovo should improve it...",Laptop,331
2137,3,nice product,Laptop,12
2138,1,awesome look by lenovo and very fast delivery by flipcart it's loveing,Laptop,70
2139,2,my touchpad is not working how to fix it,Laptop,40
2140,4,"Display sucks, poor viewing angles, backlight burns through the panel  Battery life is under 4 hours  Otherwise great, Disable antivirus and update windows for faster experience, ram upgrade recommend",Laptop,200
2141,3,After 2 month uses it slow.googl app hi 5 se 10 minute mein open hota hai.,Laptop,74
2142,5,Best one to this price (23k) the main dispointment was ram its only 4gb. Due to this less ram performance get little bit lower,Laptop,126
2143,4,The battery even after charging 100% does not stay for even for 35mins.,Laptop,71
2144,5,"Worthy purchase even in 28k. All-rounder performance. Added extra 4GB DDR4 2400 RAM + NVMe m2 128 GB SSD. Now it loads four times faster than out of the box speed. Recommends for students , programmers and media streamers. Yet it plays most of the games having mid range graphics, not recommends for gaming or studio editing purposes.",Laptop,334
2145,5,The laptop if using for multitasking without gaming then it needs to upgraded with SSD/RAM.  Else it will take few minutes to open applications and multitasking is very difficult especially if you are online and presenting.,Laptop,223
2146,2,"Don't think of buying this product. Trust me, you will regret to the deepest point. Highly disappointed with not just Lenovo but Flipkart too.",Laptop,142
2147,3,A decent laptop for the money you paid 👍👍,Laptop,41
2148,2,Overall good performance no hanging issue sleek slim light small as per latest laptops comes in this price good with lenovo brand I use lenovo 9-8 years lenovo I have face no issue yeah price is fluctuated but good under 26-27k price,Laptop,233
2149,4,Display is awesome. Performance bad Battery average. Overall a decent one.,Laptop,74
2150,1,It is to good product but one problem is there its battery backap is poor,Laptop,73
2151,5,Average laptop. Don't expect it to be decent quick. Opens up applications after more than 30 secs. Would not recommend it for heavy or moderate use.,Laptop,148
2152,3,4GB RAM IS NOT ENOUGH FOR THIS DEVICE. IT SHOULD BE INCREASED UP TO 8GB AS SOME PROGRAMS TAKE LONGER TIME IN STARTING.,Laptop,118
2153,1,"Don't go for it Bought it before 6 months, not working now!!!",Laptop,61
2154,4,This is bad,Laptop,11
2155,5,"Don't purchase this laptop, running very slow after 1-2 week use",Laptop,64
2156,3,That product is low quality. Slow processor.no need to buy this,Laptop,63
2157,5,"Don't buy , worste laptop",Laptop,25
2158,3,Laptop is too slow. Even windows 98 pc is faster than this laptop.,Laptop,66
2159,3,Within 8 months keyboard is not working properly Full of hang problem s don't by this don't even where to complaint,Laptop,115
2160,1,Laptop functioned only for8 months. Never ever buy e-goods thru Flipkart. They won't provide any after sales services. I reported the matter to Flipkart and Lenovo but the matter not cleared even after two weeks.l lost my money.,Laptop,228
2161,3,If you sleep this laptop and reopen it takes 30 to 100sec It's very slow Not value for money after 1 month,Laptop,106
2162,1,This laptop is very slow working. It taking 3 minutes for starting window. And after start its work Very slow. My money waste for this laptop. I never suggest to any one for buy this laptop.,Laptop,190
2163,1,Worst product. Don't buy it. Very slow laptop. Don't waste your money. Go for dell or hp,Laptop,88
2164,1,A best laptop at this range... It is very stylishly designed..... Display is good.... Amd ryzen 3 and 8th gen Mcafee is free for one month but they have mentioned 1 year..... Defects are: A cheap quality battery Battery life is tooo low.... Sound quality is bad..... They have mentioned dolby audio but it's tooooo low.... Camera quality poooor.. 😬 Except this it's the.... Best.... Don't worry just buy it❤😍,Laptop,408
2165,1,Just Upgrade RAM To 8gb and see the performance!!! Budget Gaming!!!,Laptop,67
2166,1,"The laptop is very slow and gets stuck a lot but...you can get rid of that problem if you increase the Random Access Memory. In the beginning my laptop was performing extremely slow. Then I added 8GB of the memory (Crucial Brand) and after that the performance improved significantly. 4GB of the memory is inbuilt, so if you add 8GB of that, the memory will become 12GB, which is enough for even gaming. Ryzen 3 processor is nice. So without the increased memory, the Laptop is trash but after you...",Laptop,500
2167,1,Performance is very poor. The newest laptop hangs so badly,Laptop,58
2168,2,One of the worst laptops I have seen. It doesnt give the performance of Ryzen 3 processor. It is running far too slow than expected. Dont ever buy this laptop never look at 3.9 rating. Only way to make this laptop work good is to upgrade the RAM. Also the battery is too low. Power only lasts for 2.5 hours. This review is given after first time use. Also disk usage shows 10% in a brand new laptop.,Laptop,399
2169,1,Very slow..if you open anything it takes lots of time to open...but other than that it's good...sound is very less..picture quality is nice.. although it's not up to the mark..next time if I buy laptop I'll definitely go for intel processor...AMD is worst,Laptop,255
2170,1,Fabulous design with great keypad and touchpad,Laptop,46
2171,4,"Very slow processing,less battery backup Don't go with this laptop if u want to do heavy tasking. It takes time to even open Google Chrome.",Laptop,139
2172,5,Simply waste,Laptop,12
2173,3,"This is best under budget and value for money , for better speed increase the RAM since it's only 4 gb",Laptop,102
2174,1,Laptop is slow but if you are going for this consider upgrading RAM to 8 or 12 gb else go for 4gb 256 ssd or 8gb 1tb hdd. After upgrade it works like a charm.,Laptop,158
2175,2,Best in the segment....strong build quality even it is plastic made.....4 gb ram a bit sluggish because amd processor is damn good for it to use resources but chrome is a Ram- hungry devil ... Replace chrome with opera and install 8 gb of 2400 Mhz ram from crucial.....install additional ram will boost it ....go for it..if u want premium looks and best performance 😍😍,Laptop,368
2176,2,"Ifter 5 days of use .... Taking time to boot up , performance is ok ok , rest all good ....",Laptop,91
2177,5,Only design is good in this laptop others things are worst the performance is very slow its taking too much time to open apps and it is hanging too much .and battery is also dropping very fast. I got very bad experience in this laptop.this is not value for money.,Laptop,263
2178,2,"Good Entry Level laptop for everyday use. Just one suggestion, go for 8 gb Ram...or upgrade it later.",Laptop,101
2179,1,Everything is fine. Note - need a ram (must) and ssd(optional) to work otherwise it's slow and also release heat.,Laptop,113
2180,5,McAfee comes with 30 days subscription so I'm very sad,Laptop,54
2181,3,Go for it.,Laptop,10
2182,5,Good,Laptop,4
2183,3,Nice,Laptop,4
2184,3,Nice,Laptop,4
2185,4,Osome product,Laptop,13
2186,4,Nice,Laptop,4
2187,4,Good laptop in this budget...,Laptop,29
2188,5,Awesome,Laptop,7
2189,5,"Value for Money, Pros: No heating problem, Low cost, Light weight, looks attractive, pre installed Office home student edition, 1 year unlimited device antivirus protection.  Cons: Slow, cant run heavy processes, no gamming please. Slow speed can be overcome to some extent by adding 8 GB Ram  re-rated to 1* Reason - Head phone jack loose connection is not covered under warranty plus service centre lacks staff who can fix it.",Laptop,428
2190,5,Little bit slower but value for money,Laptop,37
2191,4,Very nice performance. Should buy....👌🏼,Laptop,39
2192,5,It hangs anytime....and shut down.... processer is slow,Laptop,55
2193,5,Slow👎,Laptop,5
2194,4,Nice laptop but battery not good!!,Laptop,34
2195,5,Laptop is very good and slower in system 😉😉😉😉🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤭🤭,Laptop,52
2196,1,Camera is worst but laptop is best for all type of use,Laptop,54
2197,3,Average performance. Poor battery charge. Good laptop for light work.,Laptop,69
2198,4,Worth for price !,Laptop,17
2199,2,Everything is good.. except its hanging problem... It hangs a lot... Sometimes its very irritating while working on it... I don't know what's wrong....,Laptop,151
2200,2,Good,Laptop,4
2201,4,Nice product,Laptop,12
2202,3,It's an average product.. In this price range I would also suggest to see other alternatives.. Battery backup is less Display is good It lags in between We have to increase the RAM for better performance No slot for LAN cable No USB slot in right of the laptop.. slots are in left side Cursor button pad is bit stiff.,Laptop,317
2203,4,Best buy for this budget,Laptop,24
2204,3,My use is only for drafting I use only ms office For me it's good.,Laptop,66
2205,5,Ok product,Laptop,10
2206,2,"With this price it is better then others, look and color are really good.",Laptop,73
2207,5,It's great in this price (26000),Laptop,32
2208,5,"I m using from past 2 months, and must say this is the best laptop under 30k. Very useful for students and people working from home. I felt a problem of low display, otherwise the laptop is best in this range.",Laptop,209
2209,3,Best product,Laptop,12
2210,4,Sleeky design,Laptop,13
2211,5,Fully Satisfied,Laptop,15
2212,3,It's good .but the battery is a bit insufficient Very laggy .,Laptop,61
2213,4,Over all nice product for students not for gaming or coding,Laptop,59
2214,5,Best quality,Laptop,12
2215,5,I m satisfied for this product,Laptop,30
2216,5,Good time delivery....,Laptop,22
2217,5,"I bought this laptop after seeing its features and thought that it is a good laptop in a low budget. But that was my mistake. Bad things: sound is very low (speakers are not that good). The system is extremely slow, it takes a very long time to start. It started to hang within 1 month (even I didn't installed any other software or game in it). The speed of system is very very slow. Even to see photographs or to transfer files in other folders it takes a lot of time. Good things: FHD, design i...",Laptop,500
2218,5,Superb Laptop ☺️ it is very good laptop in this budget,Laptop,54
2219,4,"Laptop is good. I purchase it for 29k. Battery back up is good. Sound, design and display all good. Go for it.... Best in this price. Very fast delivery from flipkart.",Laptop,167
2220,4,Good laptop,Laptop,11
2221,4,Lajawab laptop,Laptop,14
2222,5,Good laptop,Laptop,11
2223,5,Fast delivery and laptop is good quality,Laptop,40
2224,1,Average performance,Laptop,19
2225,5,Good product at this range,Laptop,26
2226,4,"Quite slow pc. Display is bad. Laptop material is cheap. Webcam is pathetic. Boot time is unbearable.. Will have to update the ram to make it usable for day to day task.. I regret buying this laptop... If anyone reading feedback, dont buy this laptop. Check for other budget laptops.",Laptop,283
2227,4,Amazing performance 👌👌👌👌,Laptop,24
2228,5,Ok,Laptop,2
2229,4,"BEWARE!!!: MS office is only trial version of 7 days. When you ask about this with seller, they directly initiate returning of laptop. Crazy way of customer support.  But the laptop is awesome. For the price it's awesome. I upgraded it with 4GB additional RAM and 3 years Kaspersky Antivirus. Now it's one rocking machine...  I actually bought 2 laptops . One for sis and another one for dad. Because i liked it so much.",Laptop,420
2230,5,"Design is good , battery life also not bad approx 4 hours or max (on normal working ) , performance is not really speed but in this range good",Laptop,142
2231,2,Ok,Laptop,2
2232,4,Working for normal use...sound is not at level. For personal use it's good.,Laptop,75
2233,3,Nyc product.........only office work use.....,Laptop,45
2234,5,"Delivered before time, thanks",Laptop,29
2235,3,Very good laptop Laptop is almost better in this price,Laptop,54
2236,4,"Beautiful design , perfomance bit weak but overall good for price segment. 8/10",Laptop,79
2237,3,The laptop is best budget laptop in range of MRP 23500. Basic use laptop for student and home use.,Laptop,98
2238,3,Nice,Laptop,4
2239,3,No long life baitry,Laptop,19
2240,5,"good product, worth it.",Laptop,23
2241,5,Good display and nice laptop under 28k.,Laptop,39
2242,5,Thanks,Laptop,6
2243,5,Good,Laptop,4
2244,5,Performance is poor with the low battery backup,Laptop,47
2245,5,good product,Laptop,12
2246,4,Best laptop on this price,Laptop,25
2247,5,Within the budget product !,Laptop,27
2248,5,Nice laptop but bettary and display not good,Laptop,44
2249,5,nice product,Laptop,12
2250,4,It is a very well biased laptop for 25990 INR. It got the perfect specs for the price.the built quality is not that well but can be matched for the price.,Laptop,154
2251,2,nice performance and design,Laptop,27
2252,5,Best lppy,Laptop,9
2253,5,value for money,Laptop,15
2254,4,"Hi Friends Laptop design side and delivery side very very good Coming to battery in lenovo laptop model worst battery Only 30 min Charing after 💯 % completed , don't Go for this laptop 30k budget",Laptop,195
2255,4,It's just maximum 10bdays to bought. But it going to start to hang.. Sometimes screen become statue.. I am not going to recommend this product. Waste of money. Unfortunately I can't showing by image.,Laptop,199
2256,4,"Sluggish performance, not at all good display. Poor sound quality and poor camera. Even if only Chrome is open, it would not be possible to open another application quickly. Not sure how come so many people rated it so high. It has only given me more stress than any delight of buying a new product.  Flipkart accepted to pick up the product and issue refund. I think they would have repacked and sold it to someone else and because of which the other person would have also gone through the same...",Laptop,499
2257,4,"I just use this product only 2 days. previously i used Hp intel pentium gold, since i used my old laptop 7 year's. and i feel more comfortable also have good battery back up. come to lenovo its take time to reboot the app's. also worst battery max 2.5- 3 yrs depend on works. also you cant use multi task at the time. come to processor compared to intel pentium gold, AMD ryzen not yet good. i suggesting in this budget you can get Hp brand laptop.",Laptop,448
2258,5,Super laptop NYC look,Laptop,21
2259,5,Battery is poor..2hrs maximum..hangs sometimes.. Not recommended. Windows 10 and Ms Office is there. The Design of the lap is good.,Laptop,131
2260,3,its not thats fast..it just takes a lot time in booting it crashes repeatedly it not so far good but with price its avg....design is pretty nice overall it can get a teo star.,Laptop,175
2261,1,Awesome device,Laptop,14
2262,1,good laptop just for normal activity purpose,Laptop,44
2263,2,"Got it from 24990,best laptop for this price range.",Laptop,51
2264,2,Very nice looking laptop,Laptop,24
2265,5,"If you are buying for browsing, and as a student. Then it's good. You can go for it. But if you use it for video editing, other hard work then search for 50k above.",Laptop,164
2266,2,"Very good laptop. Iam using from 3 months There is no issue with this laptop.. Battery- 4hrs Display-awesome Little bit slow, but it's enough for my work...",Laptop,156
2267,2,"4gb ram 1TB HDD AMD Ryzen 3 (which is equal to i3 7th gen) Windows 10 pre installed MS office preinstalled for life time MeAfee anti virus for 1yr 15.6 inches FHD display Dolby sound Overall pretty good under 30k  But, the main worst part is cooling fan sound is too disgusting",Laptop,277
2268,5,Device speed is very slow not up to level doesn't worth for price,Laptop,65
2269,4,Battery power is low...fan sound is high... don't buy this product,Laptop,66
2270,4,It hangs a most while..better to get upgraded ram to 8 g or 12 gb then there could be some hike in performance..,Laptop,112
2271,4,Much more better than Intel i3 processor Best budget laptop .......,Laptop,67
2272,4,I hate it. Its performance is very slow. It takes too much time open Ms excel. Now think about about the other applications. Think before you purchase this laptop.,Laptop,163
2273,4,PC is very slow. Brought based on review from you tube. All are fake a good laptop will cost more. I can't even use smoothy for Normal office work. Any applications take at least 10-15 seconds for opening.,Laptop,205
2274,5,Nice Laptop....,Laptop,15
2275,2,Good one,Laptop,8
2276,1,Good performance and battery,Laptop,28
2277,3,Worst laptop I ever seen don't buy this,Laptop,39
2278,5,Very slow.,Laptop,10
2279,3,Useless Product,Laptop,15
2280,2,Very bad,Laptop,8
2281,4,"System performance is really pathetic. For opening one web browser will take 5 minutes after clicking it. Not installed any softwares other than operating system and related files. As per lenova service desk, RAM need to upgrade. But i dont think so. Looks like something abnormal with the laptop. Money wasted.",Laptop,311
2282,5,"Worst experience, pls don't buy this product it's too late processing and camera also not clearity for online classes",Laptop,117
2283,5,Nice laptop....,Laptop,15
2284,2,Great product at a cheaper rate.. It gives value for the money. Good buy 👌 under the budget of 30k,Laptop,98
2285,3,Too slow need to upgrade ssd,Laptop,28
2286,1,Fair product in this price range.,Laptop,33
2287,1,Worst laptop I ever had...it's slower than a tortoise. Stupid thing takes 10 minutes to start and 15 minutes to shut. No laptop service station is understanding the problem and asking more money to improvise the hardware. Worst decision ever.,Laptop,242
2288,1,Very slow and not user friendly,Laptop,31
2289,1,Worst experience,Laptop,16
2290,4,"Worthless laptop, never recommend anyone.",Laptop,41
2291,4,"Never buy this product,this device kills your precious time",Laptop,59
2292,3,"This is a good laptop if you want to use it for movies or microsoft offices but never buy it if you are a programmer. It takes 8 minutes pycharm to open, 15 minutes atom open, 6 minutes vs code to open.",Laptop,202
2293,4,"Waste of money,very bad product, laptop is very slow",Laptop,52
2294,1,Excellent performance,Laptop,21
2295,1,Working good after update.....,Laptop,30
2296,1,Best for this price range.,Laptop,26
2297,1,So slow,Laptop,7
2298,1,Very Bad experience,Laptop,19
2299,4,Nice Performance..,Laptop,18
2300,1,Very bed performance laptop Don't buy this laptop,Laptop,49
2301,5,"The Lappy was not fulfilling the purpose for which the same was purchased, it was always hanging and lagging.",Laptop,109
2302,4,Laptop has slowed significantly,Laptop,31
2303,4,It's so slow . Am just exhausted because of its speed. It will consume all your time to operate this laptop. It's slow as hell. Worst buying experience.,Laptop,152
2304,3,Product is upto the mark and for basic performance this laptop is perfect,Laptop,73
2305,1,Good,Laptop,4
2306,4,Worst laptop. Very slow performance.,Laptop,36
2307,1,I purchased this laptop because of it's price but now I think it was a big mistake if you are reading this I request you not to purchase it. It is extremely slow and it's battery life is really bad. It gets irritating at time because it is too slow. And hang even while using a normal search engine. It would be better if you spend more 10000 and buy a better machine,Laptop,367
2308,1,Very nice products,Laptop,18
2309,1,"That's value for money......it's not a high performance machine but it's excellent in office,students,home usage,coding,light gameing,watching online content like Amazon prime videos,Netflix...ect. I'm using last 1 year 8 month...I don't have any issues in this laptop..... I'm strongly recommend this product....lenovo is doing good work....👍👍👍👍😊 I'm happy for the product....👍👍👍",Laptop,380
2310,2,Very very poor performance. Not even worth for 10k. At least i should have have buy good laptop with 10k worth in seconds which performs better. Very very disappointed with the product. I will not at all recommend this worst product. Please Don't go with rating and reviews. Check the performance lively before purchase it.,Laptop,323
2311,4,"Iam using this laptop for about 9 months..... Firstly this laptop is not intended for heavy task , usually only for office works and media entertainment...This cannot be used for online class, because it have 0.2MP camera only... Don't use this as soon as booted , it take sometimes to gain its optimised state, It can't be used for multitasking, after windows 20h2 version battery about to be draining fast. If you are having experiencing crashes it is normal,, because 2.6gb of 4gb has been usi...",Laptop,499
2312,3,Worthy product,Laptop,14
2313,2,I use this laptop last 2 months and this laptop performance is very bad processing is very slow look wise is very good but speed wise very bad,Laptop,142
2314,2,I used last 3 months it is work smoothly not any issue. This value of money. Iam satisfy Amazing product.,Laptop,105
2315,4,Good one,Laptop,8
2316,5,Go For It ! Good Product,Laptop,24
2317,1,Good product,Laptop,12
2318,3,Very slow .. takes a while to switch between screens and hangs a lot . It is ok as we use for about 5-6 hours only in a day .,Laptop,125
2319,5,Very bad,Laptop,8
2320,1,Battery is too poor,Laptop,19
2321,4,After using 10 months i am giving review. Problem- 1.This laptop is good but if you work on multitasking its disk used 100% so you fill like hanging laptop. When you add m.2 SSD this problem will be solved. 2. Its (elan)touchpad driver is not fully integrated with this cpu so it not work fully smoothly.  And all things are good in this laptop.,Laptop,345
2322,4,Excellent design Poor performance.. Dead slow Battery charge is nt satisfactory,Laptop,79
2323,5,"Do not buy this product very bad not working very slow,if you want to buy this go to olx and purchase old desktop, that may be working good then this.",Laptop,150
2324,4,"Dispay have colour and glare, reflection of light. The dispay changes when seeing up side, down side way. The processor is very slow, with in few days got slow.",Laptop,160
2325,3,best,Laptop,4
2326,1,It's in a very good price but the system is slow. It's not too slow but slow. Which makes it irritating while working..it takes some time to open some applications. Planning to add 4GB more d hope it works faster. Rest all good..display good..battery good..sound is low but is manageable if ur using for working purposes. Processor Goodwood at thus price,Laptop,354
2327,2,Camera is not working,Laptop,21
2328,5,windows 10 not work properly in this systeam vrey slow and anti virus is only few days,Laptop,86
2329,1,Nice ideapad but batty backup is short time,Laptop,43
2330,1,Not good slowly,Laptop,15
2331,2,Very slow. Even chorme not open.. Pl replaced my product,Laptop,56
2332,3,"This laptop is good for nothing, it lags every time",Laptop,51
2333,3,Budge friendly...👌,Laptop,18
2334,1,Performance is bad. Need to add more ram and an ssd disk to improve performance.,Laptop,80
2335,2,good,Laptop,4
2336,3,Not bad,Laptop,7
2337,3,"Very slow laptop. After a month of using it this is my review; from the time of switching it on to switching it off it takes forever. Generally laptops become slow after using for a significant period of time, but this laptop is slow after a week of basic use of MS Word ONLY!",Laptop,276
2338,1,It's owsome,Laptop,11
2339,1,Best of the best performance.....Trust worth and user friendly lapy....,Laptop,71
2340,4,This product is not good but it's better !! Fastly hanged problem....& battery is discharge vry fast...so i think it's not good,Laptop,127
2341,2,Good one for daily use but but slow Macfree is just for 1 month hanging in between and very slow processor Bad,Laptop,110
2342,3,Nice laptop for beginners,Laptop,25
2343,5,Laptop look is very good. Performance is very slow. Speed is too slow.,Laptop,70
2344,1,I am Fully Happily Satisfied.,Laptop,29
2345,4,Good quality.,Laptop,13
2346,5,This is no have to more purchase in this Flipkart app this is very poor response and in responsibility this type app customer service less than 1 month this is the very very best waste and waste service to Flipkart no one respond no one call to me no one listen any problems no solve the problems this type of online business is very very very e shameless,Laptop,355
2347,5,"Bought a month back, The worst product i have ever used !! Very very poor performance , never and ever buy this product ! Wish to breakdown to pieces but i spent around 28k",Laptop,172
2348,2,Takes too much time to start. Hanging problem.,Laptop,46
2349,5,"Don't buy this..  Very ordinary processor, it hangs a lot.. Cannot use it even for official use..  Cheap things are not the best and best things are not cheap!!!  BUY HP or a DELL Latitude..",Laptop,190
2350,3,Don't think more?just go for it?,Laptop,32
2351,5,Works very slow,Laptop,15
2352,5,Nice!!!!! Good Budget Laptop.........Highly Recommended,Laptop,55
2353,1,I am writing this Review after using this product after 1 & half month. I purchased this product for my wife which she is currently using for her office work. Good thing about this laptop is it has good screen and performance is also good. Keyboard has number which is again a useful feature for working person. Only thing which flipkart promised & was not fulfilled was it will come with 1 year mcafee antivirus protection it got expired in one month.,Laptop,452
2354,1,Best laptop under budget i am using more than 2 months I would suggest u to buy this under an average price,Laptop,107
2355,3,"Good, but bit slow.",Laptop,19
2356,1,Very bad processing. PC very slow. Not work the money. Trust me. Dont buy this,Laptop,78
2357,4,Excellent product value of money,Laptop,32
2358,3,"Horrible performance after a year, keyboard quality is very poor the backspace button was broken.... Not advisable for heavy users... Actually this device is not good for basic surfing too.... Lenovo should stop the production of this scrap... As u can see the booting is so slow that it never starts before 10mins and now it has crossed it limit by taking more than 30 mins but still has not booted...",Laptop,402
2359,5,"Does not come with McAfee antivirus 1 year subscription free as mentioned in product description but when raised a request by providing screenshots of product description which I took while placing order, Flipkart asked me to purchase McAfee 1yr license and then provide them with invoice which they then refunded to me in wallet, thanks Flipkart, awesome support. Tapping device is erratic, will need wireless mouse as soon you purchase this laptop. Will need to upgrade atleast 4GB extra DDR4 RA...",Laptop,500
2360,3,Good,Laptop,4
2361,4,Good quality of sound and display ...battery backup upto 3hr max..,Laptop,66
2362,4,"Too slow, rest everything ok.",Laptop,29
2363,1,"Extremely slow and pathetic laptop. It takes forever to start this laptop. I recorded the lag time for opening applications and was surprised to see how come a laptop be this slow in current times. My 1998 PC is faster than this junk. It takes 1 min 2 sec to open web browser, 38 seconds to open another tab in web browser. around 3 minutes to open zoom meeting and stabilize streaming of online meeting. This is when I have not installed any other application apart from whatever comes packaged ...",Laptop,499
2364,5,Touch pad is so bad.,Laptop,20
2365,1,System is very very slow and laggy.. dont go fo this.,Laptop,53
2366,3,Good,Laptop,4
2367,5,Very nice product,Laptop,17
2368,4,I have brought this a month ago But its showing is warranty period already used 6 of month. And i only got 6 month of remaining period. Online its a scam please dont buy online also not all are genuine parts. Please dont buy online,Laptop,231
2369,3,The laptop hangs alot and is very slow,Laptop,38
2370,1,It hangs a lot don't buy,Laptop,24
2371,2,It's processor is not good very bd product,Laptop,42
2372,1,All I can say it's good but it is laggy and sometimes you may have to power off.I have bought it recently and although good but speakers have less volume. Camera quality good and battery is although not very good just fine and value for money and it is good option to buy. In budget range it is good to have and a good option.,Laptop,326
2373,4,"Very slow, bought it for my son for his online class... Its very slow normally his class start 8.45 am..He need to open system by 8.30 am...then only he will be able to attend class in Time...Its a basic laptop..if your are looking for gaming or planning to do something which need performance it will be wrong choice",Laptop,317
2374,5,Just a basic laptop for browsing and online classes the quality is good,Laptop,71
2375,1,Useless waste of money,Laptop,22
2376,3,Best display but it is but slower. I may have to add an ssd for more comfortable,Laptop,80
2377,1,Vest vudget laptop,Laptop,18
2378,2,"The laptop is very slow, it was a wrong purchase.",Laptop,49
2379,4,Not Satisfied,Laptop,13
2380,2,"The lesser ram variant have a 100% disk issue but overall a fluent experience , would recommend a 8 gb ram variant but 5 star experience for student laptop use",Laptop,159
2381,4,Bettery backup is not more than 2 hours,Laptop,39
2382,2,Hello sir I trust flipkart company but u are cheater because I purchased Lenovo laptop on flipkart but web cam and speaker volume is not gud your team give me refund on 26june but you are cheater you cancel my refund,Laptop,216
2383,4,nice,Laptop,4
2384,5,Slow processor. Don't bye,Laptop,25
2385,3,Process speed is slow,Laptop,21
2386,1,Waste of money,Laptop,14
2387,4,"It's became slow and taking so much time on every single click I recommend you please check this laptop for 3 days ,if you find and slowness please return it .",Laptop,159
2388,3,The battery is giving back up of 3+ hours on using in any condition with the wifi connected watching videos with Bluetooth speaker connected .. Totally satisfied with the performance bought it for work from home for flipkart process and I am totally satisfied with the performance,Laptop,280
2389,2,Very slow..,Laptop,11
2390,5,Nice colours Smooth view of screen,Laptop,34
2391,1,Nice product...but very slow...customers who are planning to buy this can upgrade for better performance and to be fast.,Laptop,120
2392,3,it is just worst performing laptop I have seen till now.It almost takes 5-8minutes in booting and works ultra slow in simple applications.,Laptop,138
2393,3,Its too slow dont know why they make models without SSD,Laptop,55
2394,1,good product,Laptop,12
2395,5,"Battery is very bad, and 4 GB ram is not enough, brand new system is very slow.",Laptop,79
2396,1,good,Laptop,4
2397,5,Working as expected,Laptop,19
2398,4,Its only movies and brosing,Laptop,27
2399,1,Best product under 30k ...no issues ..,Laptop,38
2400,1,"HORRIBLE-DO NOT BUY THIS, TAKES AGES TO START OR OPEN ANY WINDOW. NOT AT ALL WORTHY",Laptop,83
2401,4,Please Don't buy this laptop. I am using this laptop from 27th May 2021. It was working fine for only 10days.After 10days Laptop was Hanging like old laptop.Flipkart also not supported.😔,Laptop,186
2402,1,Superb......awesome....thank u flipkart,Laptop,39
2403,5,"Keys are very cheap in quality, and a bit heavy for a laptop. Ye the body has a nice overall feel.",Laptop,98
2404,5,It's a value for money,Laptop,22
2405,3,Best laptop,Laptop,11
2406,5,Very much in the description no problemo,Laptop,40
2407,1,Very slow laptop,Laptop,16
2408,1,"Worst experience with flipkart, after we received a worst quality piece, and no proper audio, it's been 1month,still no response from flipkart regarding return,amount is blocked, it completely waste of time with flipkart and it's services",Laptop,238
2409,5,Very Poor Battery,Laptop,17
2410,3,Just value for money,Laptop,20
2411,4,Over all laptop is good. I use only for office work and also learn some coding. This is the best laptop under 29000.,Laptop,116
2412,5,Worst laptop don't buy anyone..... I have received used piece by flipkart,Laptop,73
2413,5,"Good laptop for good price.. even high-end games can be played with normal graphic settings though it has 4gb ram I can run mafia 2, assassin's Creed liberation hd at normal setting so it is a good product. Even GTA 4 can be run with full graphics",Laptop,247
2414,5,"Overall performance is very poor, this needs to be on a atleast 8 GB of RAM. Using MS Teams for online classes just peaks the memory usage to 100 literally rendering the laptop useless.",Laptop,185
2415,1,Don't buy it.... Very worst product Very very very Very very very bad product... Please dont buy it..... You will waste your 30k......,Laptop,134
2416,1,Please 🙏 Don't buy this product money waste  It not working properly ..,Laptop,71
2417,4,Best laptop under 30k. Battery backup is normal Performance in better. Design is best.,Laptop,86
2418,4,My laptop doesn’t work after 1month using. Same software issue,Laptop,62
2419,2,Best Laptop,Laptop,11
2420,5,Not good As I thought 😔 very very very*100 slow Good but who can wait,Laptop,69
2421,2,Very bad quality product I want to refund my product so pls refund as soon as possible,Laptop,86
2422,1,Don't buy this product it's too much hang..irritating product,Laptop,61
2423,1,Poor sound quality working very slow and mouse pad is defective,Laptop,63
2424,4,It's okay but battery performance is not good,Laptop,45
2425,1,Nice product,Laptop,12
2426,5,"Hanging, very bad products ,",Laptop,28
2427,1,"Nice one but high battery required and some lagging problem.  Still , good product in this range(29K)",Laptop,101
2428,1,"Battery is not work properly 4 hr I battery performance is not good. And don't get premium of ms office. And except this thing lapi is very good for performance,design,display,speed, etc.",Laptop,187
2429,1,Very bad...bad service.. lagging in a month only.. don't buy..,Laptop,62
2430,1,Worst purchase of my life,Laptop,25
2431,4,"Very very very very slow,dont waste ur money",Laptop,44
2432,4,Value for money,Laptop,15
2433,1,Everything is fine the two issues one is battery life could have been batter and the second thing sound expected more other than that good,Laptop,138
2434,4,Picture clarity is less. Speed is not good. Always hanging. Not satisfied,Laptop,73
2435,5,"This laptop are very stylish look,and possessor are also good",Laptop,61
2436,1,As axpected sound otherwise good,Laptop,32
2437,1,Don't even go for these cheap laptops. Waste of money.,Laptop,54
2438,1,excellent minimum call,Laptop,22
2439,5,Good Product,Laptop,12
2440,4,Stylish and slim design.Good build quality. Performance is ok for normal usage. I couldn't find out any difference with my old Pentium processor laptop. Sound is poor. Display is good. Original MS office. Overall good except sound.,Laptop,231
2441,3,good,Laptop,4
2442,3,Good product in this budget. High speed and we'll equipped with windows 10 with MS Office,Laptop,89
2443,3,Everything is good but battery backup is very poor,Laptop,50
2444,1,Nice product value for money nice in this range battery backup is high,Laptop,70
2445,5,"If you're looking for anything more than casual browsing and playing videos, skip this one.",Laptop,91
2446,5,Laptop gets hanged alot and takes time to respond.,Laptop,50
2447,4,"It was ok...but not fast .... It was ok for light work... Processor Speed not enough.... Battery also normal , display good, keyboard smooth...",Laptop,143
2448,5,Nyc,Laptop,3
2449,5,Out look good but laptop working slowly,Laptop,39
2450,3,"This is good for online classes. And for small in excel, word and watching movies..storage is 1 tb so you can keep your favourite pics N videos..not for heavy use..",Laptop,164
2451,5,extremely slow when u start it to use. Old i3 and i5 r faster than this.,Laptop,72
2452,3,This is good for students and also good for coading Design is good Display is good Battery 🔋 is ok (3hr) Speed is well  Best laptop for online classes and coading,Laptop,162
2453,1,Every think is oky as to price but the sound quality is too worst 🙏 battery also drain very fast,Laptop,96
2454,3,Gud for normal use and Work from home purpose,Laptop,45
2455,5,Product is ok for students with minimal usage pattern.,Laptop,54
2456,1,"Buy only If u want to watch movies n all not for office work it's too slow , battery backup is poor",Laptop,99
2457,4,Genuine product and worth to buy it,Laptop,35
2458,1,The best laptop,Laptop,15
2459,5,Perfect laptop..,Laptop,16
2460,4,Go to more ram 4 gb ram is not much better..go to more ram such as 8 gb or 12 gb ram...I upgraded to 12 gb..... now performance is better........,Laptop,145
2461,4,Sometime os not working properly slow performance,Laptop,49
2462,4,It's good product for daily use.,Laptop,32
2463,1,Value product but you need to install ssd for better performance,Laptop,64
2464,5,"After lot of research, I have bought it but the performance is not good, and it takes time to start up. Even sometimes when open a new tab its keep rolling up. The design looks fine.",Laptop,182
2465,5,"Just 4 hours of use and the display is so poor I can watch a movie on my phone instead, the sound is so low can't even hear clear with the laptop on my lap",Laptop,155
2466,5,Superb,Laptop,6
2467,3,Very slow performance,Laptop,21
2468,1,Very good in this budget.,Laptop,25
2469,5,Dont buy this laptop,Laptop,20
2470,4,Battery drain in about 3 to 4 hours other wise everything is ok,Laptop,63
2471,3,Not so good it started hanging after only 10-12 days of usage.,Laptop,62
2472,1,It is started hanging problem from very second use of it,Laptop,56
2473,5,"Everything is good till now Battery could be better And The max briteness is not up to the need , it feels low when sunlight comes, could be 2 or 3 point more Else good One more complain why the hell price suddenly decreases from 30990 to 28990 after placing the order, it's unfair",Laptop,281
2474,3,Very Bed experience with processing and battery capacity.,Laptop,57
2475,4,Good,Laptop,4
2476,1,"You should add 8gb ram,or else its waste,it not 8gb ram i will compare it to pentium processor",Laptop,94
2477,4,"Very slow device. Even if you want to use it for educational purposes, jts not useful as it runs very slow. Now i need to spend extra to upgrade it with SSD memory or RAM",Laptop,170
2478,1,"Not satisfied,,,",Laptop,16
2479,2,Some time it very slow working and battery Draining so fast but in this price it is a valuable laptop.,Laptop,102
2480,4,Hanging problem,Laptop,15
2481,2,Better to buy laptop with 8 gb ram. Display is good. Performance slow with 4 gb ram.,Laptop,84
2482,5,"Lot of noise was coming from fan+cpu assembly of laptop. So I have returned it. Also had issues with battery, only 2.5 hrs time with battery. Heating issues were also there.",Laptop,173
2483,3,Very slow,Laptop,9
2484,3,Veru slow laptop dont buy it !!!!!,Laptop,34
2485,2,Very slow,Laptop,9
2486,5,Cheap and best. Home and Student purpose ok.,Laptop,44
2487,1,It does its job and is a good budget laptop but do keep in mind that it is not meant for gaming and adding extra 8gb RAM (as i did) gives much more stable perfomance.... I got it for 25k for that price its absolutely great!,Laptop,223
2488,3,It's getting fan sound heavy,Laptop,28
2489,1,Nice product,Laptop,12
2490,4,Worst performance,Laptop,17
2491,1,Good.......,Laptop,11
2492,3,Only problem is battery drain fastly. Otherwise best product. Worth buying at this price,Laptop,88
2493,3,"This is a entry level budget laptop and even has a good performance due to the AMD processor, gaming might be twitchy while playing mediocre game but handles every day daily task easily but might be a bit slow while multitasking, overall it is not 5 star but a manageable lap for students and entry level laptop learners I would say",Laptop,332
2494,4,Display and built quality could have been better ... over All ok for that price ...,Laptop,83
2495,3,It is good for free fire 🔥🔥🔥,Laptop,28
2496,5,Poor defect product,Laptop,19
2497,1,"Very bad quility product crusher/mouse stop working in middle of work every day ,also function key not working like F1& F2 ,f3 not working without press fn key,speed is too slow hanging problem",Laptop,193
2498,4,Nice laptop took for my brother.,Laptop,32
2499,4,Perfomance is so bad. I can't even use the mouse properly. Only the design is good,Laptop,82
2500,3,Starting it was okay but as days passed its geeting slow. After opening application its doing good. But it lags while opening the application,Laptop,141
2501,4,Good laptop for mid range users not good for gaming. But no lag.,Laptop,64
2502,5,It is a 'kaam chalau' laptop. Bought it for my Dad. The only thing he doesn't like about it is its trackpad which feels weird and too plasticy so we use a external mouse.,Laptop,170
2503,1,Battery down fast.. Works slow Hanging many times As per this drawbacks price is very high.dont buy.,Laptop,100
2504,1,Using from 2 months no issue occurred till now. Processor are good for this price. If you want to use for your online classes then go for it,Laptop,140
2505,5,Worst product.. Huge fan sound within one month. No proper support from flipkart.,Laptop,81
2506,2,Dear team no body help me for system installation please help me,Laptop,64
2507,3,"Very good Product and features also stylish design, Full HD display etc.",Laptop,72
2508,4,Not that great. Expected better performance from the specifications of the laptop.,Laptop,82
2509,3,Average performance.. Look and feel nice...,Laptop,43
2510,3,This laptop is very good at this price range but if you'll need onsite support then I must say their customer support is terrible unless you live in a developed area.,Laptop,166
2511,5,Very slow and the keyboard is bad and fan sound coming inside overall very bad product Totally irritated by buying this product,Laptop,127
2512,1,"It is just fine for everyday use. Working nice and fast as expected. You can play 8k video also, battery drains when you give multiple task and play high resolution video, but it can give you atleast 3 hour battery backup. It has windows 10 Home single version upgradeable to most recent 20H2.",Laptop,293
2513,3,Awesome project,Laptop,15
2514,5,Buy this laptop if you want to regret your life please dont be fooled with the low price it is not worth it Please dont buy and waste your money Very very very poor performance It hangs very badly as soon as you install a software so pls dont buy and waste your money like i did Just worked well for one month then its totally gone i am unable to replace it as the return policy has expired,Laptop,390
2515,3,the laptop is good.Build quality is also good.battery is average and nicely fast charged.performance is good,Laptop,108
2516,3,Best product,Laptop,12
2517,4,Battery is Just about of 1.7 hours something . Just Useless Battery ...The upper case that is the Monitor Panel is too light that....It moves like ...There is wind blowing....Very Light ...But Overall to use this...U just need to Attach Power Cable everytime...,Laptop,261
2518,1,Worst product,Laptop,13
2519,5,Very slow and sluggish. Intel laptops are based. Finally sold it out,Laptop,68
2520,4,display:4/5 battery:3/5 keyboard:4.5/5 performance:4/5,Laptop,54
2521,1,"Battery problem, low speed ,don’t waste a money",Laptop,47
2522,5,One of the the best product on this price range,Laptop,47
2523,5,"It's a Budget Laptop, never expect a Gr8 performance. But a very Student required Performance",Laptop,93
2524,3,Waste of Money,Laptop,14
2525,2,THE LAPTOP IS VERY GOOD AND YOU BELIEVE ME BUYER'S IF YOU ARE DECIDING TO BUY A LAPTOP WITHIN A RANGE OF 30K TO 32K YOU CAN EASILY AND WITHOUT THINKING TWICE GO FOR IT.. IT IS VERY BETTER THAN i3 8th generation THANK YOU!!,Laptop,222
2526,1,Slow but it's ok.,Laptop,17
2527,5,Very slow and some time it will struck,Laptop,38
2528,1,Sound quality is poor..Battery backup is average..Anti virus free for one month only..,Laptop,86
2529,5,Nice Laptop with good built quality and performance. But sound is very low and battery backup not impressive.,Laptop,109
2530,4,Too much lag I can't use it daily basis waste of money I lost my money but I wanted to save your money so if your bray is in right place so don't buy it,Laptop,152
2531,1,"1. Worth the money i spend. I have got in 24 k in big billion sale. 2. Plays 4K video flawlessly. You can imagine the processing power it has. 3. Designed beautifully, looks like it's made of metal body. 4. Adapter wire is short 5. Screen is bright enough and sharp due to 1080p resolution 6. Boot time 20 second, shutdown time 5 second. 7. Battery backup is 3 hrs with movie playing with highest brightness and full volume.",Laptop,424
2532,5,"Very bad machine 25k ,,very hangedd +takingvtime to much ,",Laptop,58
2533,4,Not bad,Laptop,7
2534,2,Price to Performance ratio is very good. Works like a charm for standard multitasking. Design is a big plus. Looks very elegant and classy. Weight balancing is also pretty good. Battery life is average 4-5 hours. Would suggest everyone to increase the ram to atleast 8GB. Better than Intel i3 7th gen that you might get in this price bracket. A great buy. Satisfied with the product.,Laptop,383
2535,3,good one,Laptop,8
2536,4,Fast delivery just in 31 days..... Nice product worth @. 25 k,Laptop,61
2537,1,"Service post delivery after raising complaints was bad. Multiple follow ups and end result was nothing. Things take time to load even with a blank laptop. Screen part of the laptop has no stability, shakes a lot. You need to press hard on the mouse pad not the smoothest. If bought will need to be upgraded with better RAM.",Laptop,323
2538,5,Superb product lenovo,Laptop,21
2539,2,This laptop is not for heavy work.,Laptop,34
2540,5,Battery backup is only 4 hours,Laptop,30
2541,5,This laptop design and display fine.then internet connectivity good.battery back up some butter.there wise product is good.,Laptop,123
2542,5,Everything is good but delivery is too late,Laptop,43
2543,3,Decent for home usage,Laptop,21
2544,2,hpy,Laptop,3
2545,5,The product specs are really good. I had more expectations from the build quality but it is not,Laptop,95
2546,5,Good for office and study use.,Laptop,30
2547,4,Laptop is good for daily use..not for gaming...but battery backup is low,Laptop,72
2548,4,Bettery is not better,Laptop,21
2549,4,"Laptop is dead slow I never expected ghis from Lenovo especially, why did they released such an laptop. If we want to upgrade the memory also no info provided in bios regards to speed in MHz.  To those people who want to purchase this one kindly look for Other laptops.",Laptop,269
2550,4,Ita worth it !!! According to the price range.,Laptop,46
2551,5,Very handy and good looking nice performance,Laptop,44
2552,3,"Very slow processing ,was not expecting from Lenovo.",Laptop,52
2553,4,Great product in this price.,Laptop,28
2554,4,Don't buy this guys... Worst laptop....,Laptop,39
2555,2,It's amazing product,Laptop,20
2556,1,"Not so great overall but decent for the price i got.  Preformance is just ok you need need atlest 8gb ram and ssd for better performance.  Battery life is mediocre.  Display is full HD although not so bright and viewing angle is poor.  Few keyboard in button didn't work at start got some solution online, but ut keep happening after windows update.",Laptop,349
2557,4,I am satisfied with this product and price,Laptop,42
2558,5,All goods but battery is medium,Laptop,31
2559,2,value for money,Laptop,15
2560,5,Excellent laptop performance is good👍👍👍,Laptop,39
2561,1,Awesome product thanks to flipkart,Laptop,34
2562,5,I brought this laptop in June 2020 and it stopped working in October 2020 . Worst laptop,Laptop,88
2563,3,"Very bad laptop, very slow, hanging problem due to dicount offer i got in low budjet but go for i3",Laptop,98
2564,5,I thought it's good laptop but after one day it became very slow I think I need to add more ram and SSD to it in order to use it.,Laptop,129
2565,4,Just expect to update the ram to atleast another 4 gb.. Laptop isn't so slow as its own.. But when there's a heavy load it will lag.. You can make this a beast if you can upgrage the ram and ssd.,Laptop,195
2566,5,Laptop accha hai but battery is not good,Laptop,40
2567,5,It is very useful and the best laptop ever.,Laptop,43
2568,5,Not having CD disc drive. I am surprised that laptop is not having disc drive. Hanged once with in week,Laptop,103
2569,1,All is well,Laptop,11
2570,1,"Laptop is light weight and stylish in design. As per product description on detail page, it comes with lifetime MS office and free one year subscription of McAfee, but in reality the MS office applications are not getting updated and applications are not working as well as the subscription is only a 20 days trial and you have to purchase separate paid subscription of McAfee. Well the delivery system of the product is horrible and got my laptop after whopping 10 days.....",Laptop,475
2571,2,Laptop is working fine no issues of heating or hanging while working face by me. Battery backup is good and it can work upto three hours without charge. Overall fine performance.,Laptop,178
2572,5,Average,Laptop,7
2573,2,Don't buy this. There are a lot of problems in this laptop. After 2 weeks of purchase I am facing a lots of problems. The noise of the fan making it not useable day by day.,Laptop,172
2574,5,Love it,Laptop,7
2575,3,This laptop is very slow.,Laptop,25
2576,5,nycc,Laptop,4
2577,2,ASOOOM,Laptop,6
2578,5,Not getting warranty card with laptop.and Flipkart not giviing any response for that really really very horrible experience of Flipkart,Laptop,135
2579,4,Good product,Laptop,12
2580,1,Product is good.. but a very delayed service from Flipkart.. would never trust on Flipkart again for any items as commitment to customer is on least priority for them.,Laptop,167
2581,5,"Cost to feature good deal, but quite sometime lags in performance. So overall disappointed. The windows update even can't go smoothly installed on the laptop. very pathetic / poor performance.",Laptop,192
2582,1,Nice,Laptop,4
2583,4,One thing is annoying in this laptop is its fan noise.,Laptop,54
2584,4,Overall good machine for basic work.  Using aroun 8-9 hours a days.  Battery -3-4 hrs average  Display 4/5  Performance 4/5,Laptop,123
2585,1,Amazing product at this price😍😍,Laptop,31
2586,4,Dont hesitate before buying it.. True reviews- Battery backup is low If you want to use it heavy upgrade the ram and ssd The 4gb 1 tb varient is pathetic.. But if you upgrade it you will love the performance,Laptop,207
2587,4,its overall performance of battery is very low with in one hr the 100% battery draining out very bad performance,Laptop,112
2588,1,"Overall product is good. Good Picture quality, Good battery and good performance by processor. But build up quality is not so strong, quality of keypad is not so good, it should be improved. Flipkart customer support is very bad, they only provide assurance, not resolution. I does not get McAfee antivirus 12 month subscription. Today 15 days are going to end of delivery but still not getting Antivirus license key.",Laptop,417
2589,4,"Value for money, I upgraded ram to 12 and its performance changed a lot, now i can play games like gta5",Laptop,103
2590,3,Speaker volume is very low as of my openion rest the laptop is good for basic uses....,Laptop,86
2591,4,Nice,Laptop,4
2592,5,Buy it....awesome product..🥰🥰🥰,Laptop,30
2593,5,"Over all ok, display quality is not good, performance is not bad.",Laptop,65
2594,3,This is no better than editing,Laptop,30
2595,5,Defective touchpad. Right click not working.,Laptop,44
2596,5,Very slim very light weight damn good looking laptop at this price I got grey color laptop very nice looking  Weight 1.85kg Performance ok for everyday tasks Screen is good full HD 1080p videos look great Battery I am getting 3 hours around ok for me,Laptop,250
2597,3,"Very nice laptop McAfee not for 12 month, it's just trail version so u can uninstall this, Ur laptop become fast if u paused automatic updates, and uninstall Lenovo pre-installed software and uninstall antivirus.   So all is good in this laptop  Laptop start time is 40 to 50 second",Laptop,282
2598,5,Finally satisfied with the product at this price....,Laptop,52
2599,5,laptop is very slow in performance and it hangs while opening 2-3 tab in chrome...don't buy...,Laptop,94
2600,3,This laptop gets heated and making too loud noise.,Laptop,50
2601,3,Nice... For student.... At low budget... I purchased in big billion days at 25240,Laptop,81
2602,1,Microphone not working...touchpad is loosely fitted...poor build quality...delay flipkart delivery...never buy anything from lenovo...build poorly and in huge amount so the price is so less but it will hardly last for 2 years...batter to go for Asus Vivobook 15 or any higher brands like Dell or hp...if you compromise with quality...you will regret later...spend some more money and go for other brands if you dont want your laptop last for only 1 or 2 years...,Laptop,462
2603,5,"Non of the windows drives were up to date, had to upgrade everything and until it was upgarded, MS office wont get installed.  Lags a lot, better to get the RAM upgraded. Not for gamers or heavy users",Laptop,200
2604,5,Excellent product... Flipkart please make sure that the item is delivered on the committed time...,Laptop,98
2605,4,"One of the best laptops in the market at 26k ,I think I can't get better deal at this price. But the performance of the laptop is average what we can expect in this prise range Other wise it is a complete killer",Laptop,211
2606,1,If you get a DDR4 2400mhz ram it will run fast as lightning and because of dual channel and 2 gb vram it runs games like GTA5 and almost all Big titles in gaming with descent fps on low settings .Check its benchmarks on youtube it runs almost all games descently.,Laptop,263
2607,1,Very very very slow.,Laptop,20
2608,5,Fully value for money purchase.,Laptop,31
2609,1,Good deal,Laptop,9
2610,3,"I got this laptop at 24240 Rs during sale time.  Design is very nice. Very slim and delicate. Display is full HD with matt finishing, but viewing angle is very poor because of TN display. I personally suggest for 14 inch display. Because in case of 15.6 inch display, screen is lightly swing/tilting with ceiling fan air. Performance is average, it justify price. Not so great. Battery backup is average, depend on usage, with internet it consume more power. Average 4 hour battery backup. But co...",Laptop,499
2611,5,Nice laptop in this prize,Laptop,25
2612,4,Superb laptop,Laptop,13
2613,5,Worth product ....value for money,Laptop,33
2614,2,Very good in this price range,Laptop,29
2615,5,Ok Ok at this Price,Laptop,19
2616,5,I won't recommend this laptop to any one. I brought this useless laptop and from the first day its self its lagging. For even opening a photo its lagging. Dont buy. Please dont buy,Laptop,180
2617,5,"Good Looking,Good Performance,Average battery life.....Overall A Good Pacage at this Price Range for Students....Go for it :)",Laptop,125
2618,5,"Battery life less than 3 hours. Display isnt upto the mark. Lenevo 30gb promotion with Dropbox offer doesnt work. Better to upgrade RAM as onboard 4 gb will not help in even basic tasks, will always lag. Not for heavy use. Ok for basic programming and studies.",Laptop,260
2619,5,Nice product,Laptop,12
2620,5,Best,Laptop,4
2621,5,I am writing review after 10 days if purchase . It's good for study and professional purpose . I haven't tested it for gaming........1/11/2020..........,Laptop,152
2622,3,Not bad at all,Laptop,14
2623,1,Overall a nice laptop... Dont know y many people have given it 1 star...,Laptop,72
2624,5,I got 24k in sale ..first performance was slow after i update all the drivers performance is good now...thnx flipkart,Laptop,117
2625,3,Good product,Laptop,12
2626,5,Awesome ?????? But some time slow.,Laptop,34
2627,5,Good product 👌👍,Laptop,15
2628,5,Very nice but performance slow,Laptop,30
2629,3,Nice laptop,Laptop,11
2630,5,Happy with this Product :>,Laptop,26
2631,5,Best laptop in this price segment..,Laptop,35
2632,5,Looking amazing ... Nice PC,Laptop,27
2633,5,fine,Laptop,4
2634,5,"It's a good buy at this price point.. Only regret is the built quality.. It is too plastiki.. Battery backup is too good in 3 days of use, will see how it performs in coming days... Screen size is big.. So overall product is good but as I mentioned don't go if you are looking for sturdy laptop.",Laptop,295
2635,4,Didn't get the one year McAfee antivirus subscription,Laptop,53
2636,5,Very slow.. big disappointment.. will not recommend..,Laptop,53
2637,5,Nice product and very fast installation done by ar India appliances team,Laptop,72
2638,5,Nyc,Laptop,3
2639,5,This is a very good laptop,Laptop,26
2640,4,"Got it for 26 k on sale,best laptop for that price with a powerful Ryzen 3 processor",Laptop,84
2641,4,"The performance of this laptop SUCKS, really , truly sucks.  Dont buy this laptop for any more than 25k, so you can afford a ram upgrade & probably a ssd.  The display is above average. The battery is poor. The look is great.  Performance is worse than a pentium laptop.",Laptop,270
2642,1,In ad it was written that Microsoft Office app is preloaded whereas I find that only Microsoft 365 is loaded for one year only. Rest all is fine so far.,Laptop,152
2643,1,Slow Laptop,Laptop,11
2644,5,Performance abit slow,Laptop,21
2645,4,"Back side pannel is not good, it is just plastic and ON /OFF button is given as key which is not looking good.",Laptop,110
2646,5,Good product in mide range.,Laptop,27
2647,4,"Processor Speed of 🐌, takes a decade to turn on. Heats a lot even during normal operations.",Laptop,91
2648,3,Good ☺️,Laptop,7
2649,4,Good laptop at this price point,Laptop,31
2650,2,I hated this Too much bad products Not on on time We can't work what we want on time It's seem like dummy laptop,Laptop,112
2651,3,Good product 👍,Laptop,14
2652,3,"Design is good Sometime taking time to open any applicable like office , explorer even system is ideal. Battery is not upto Mark As per price 25k it is good for this product",Laptop,173
2653,4,Bat,Laptop,3
2654,1,Just bought this laptop.fully satisfied.worth every single penny.only one flaw is battery backup that is quite small.but charging is fast so no concerns. Do not purchase if you are a heavy gamer or want to do too many tasks.overall this laptop is good for students and professionals.go for it if your budget is around 25k to 27k,Laptop,328
2655,5,"At this price point this one is very good The problem i faced is about speakers,the sound quality is very poor.better to but a sound bar or any small rated speakers",Laptop,164
2656,5,Good,Laptop,4
2657,1,Great laptop for beginners. Might operate slowly due to low ram capacity. Windows 10 is also great,Laptop,98
2658,5,"ok not so fast , speaker volume is less i dont where dolby digital has been used , no keyboard light display .very slow opening .opening three apps systems gets stuck.",Laptop,167
2659,3,It's good... battery upto 5 hours....design super,Laptop,49
2660,2,Everything is good except battery backup... hardly 3 to 4hrs while browsing and 2hrs when zoom call is on. Good thing is it was getting changed with in 1hr 30mins,Laptop,162
2661,4,It is best laptop under 40000. If your budget is higher than 40000 then go for other laptops Everything is fine but yellowish didplay,Laptop,133
2662,4,"For the price it's an amazing product. A little sluggish at times, perfect for casual usage.",Laptop,92
2663,3,Nyc,Laptop,3
2664,4,Awesome laptop..,Laptop,16
2665,3,"This laptop is pretty good for the price tag it comes with. Got it for 23k in the big billion day sale. the only drawback was the 4 gb ram...these days even phones dont work well with 4 gb ram. i would suggest anyone buying this should also get additional 8 gb ram along with it to make this laptop amazing. The highlight is the design, thin bezels and display..i dont think any other company is giving these specifications in this price range. i am Pretty happy with the purchase as i bought adat...",Laptop,500
2666,5,I have bought it at 25k at that price it is best. Battery life i average when connected to WiFi. And sometimes it lags also.,Laptop,124
2667,4,"Error status is shown as ""Hard Disk"" not installed. Disappointed with purchase",Laptop,78
2668,4,Built quality is poor,Laptop,21
2669,4,"The RAM should be upgraded else the performance is very slow, after the upgrade it is good",Laptop,90
2670,4,Very good laptop of this price.,Laptop,31
2671,5,"Laptop is awesome .. Best laptop under 30k Better go with Amd ryzen 3 instead if Intel core i3 8th gen, Laptop delivered after 8 days of book date ,it's OK bcoz purchased on big billions days , happy with this laptop",Laptop,216
2672,4,Wonderful laptop,Laptop,16
2673,5,"Camera is ridiculously bad ..no clarity ..want to understand whether it's the issue with the laptop recieved or its universal with this model ... Keyboard acts funny ..they are actually interchanged so if u want @ u need to press shift and "" to get it instead of shift and 2. ...",Laptop,279
2674,1,"The laptop looked great however the build quality could have been better (plastic body). Got MSO student version with it and one month trial Anti virus. Battery is good but that depends how Im using my laptop. AMD ryzen is a powerful range of processors, let's see how it holds up in future. Digital Dolby sounds great. Fast charging almost takes 90min to full charge from 5%. Decent webcam. Keyboard looks great but without backlit so in dark look hard. But the design looks sweet and slim.",Laptop,491
2675,3,After using it for a month now I can say it's too slow even in day to day tasks. I don't know with 4 gb of ram and 1 tb of hard disk how a laptop can work too slow. I also think AMD Ryzen 3 processor performance is not up to the mark it's too slow u must go with intel processors.,Laptop,280
2676,4,"Superbb product ,ryzen 3 is better than i3",Laptop,42
2677,5,not bad at this price,Laptop,21
2678,4,Nice Look and Video clearly is good,Laptop,35
2679,4,Good quality laptop....,Laptop,23
2680,3,I am reviewimg with the same one,Laptop,32
2681,4,Very good,Laptop,9
2682,2,"LOW PRICE AND BEST LAPTOP ,THANKS FLIPKART TO HELP US TO GET THIS LAPTOP",Laptop,72
2683,5,"Really good product...,worth for money",Laptop,38
2684,3,Nice,Laptop,4
2685,5,very low volume.. phones are louder than this.,Laptop,46
2686,4,Laptop have been lagging in many times and stopped,Laptop,50
2687,5,Very nice,Laptop,9
2688,5,Don't buy Lenovo product. Bogus company I've ever see. 24x7 customer care number not reachable.,Laptop,95
2689,5,Good product,Laptop,12
2690,5,Good product,Laptop,12
2691,4,Good battery life Good inbuilt quality Good delivery by flipkrt,Laptop,63
2692,3,The quality is very bad,Laptop,23
2693,1,"Good laptop in under 30K, 3 things need to be improved 1. Webcam is cheap. 2. Battery capacity is low 2-3 hrs 3. I can see finger prints in body 4. Processor fan noise level.",Laptop,174
2694,3,This product is to much good and thank you flipkart,Laptop,51
2695,1,I m Fully Satisfied 🔥❤,Laptop,22
2696,5,"performance average lit bit slow , display colors not natural and camera is very poor",Laptop,85
2697,5,I think it is best laptop for students.you will get 4 gb ram but you have to upgrade ram to 8 gb for better performance.Otherwise you will get poor performance.battery is about 3-3.5 hours.Display is very good.,Laptop,210
2698,5,Very very very super laptop all is good.,Laptop,40
2699,1,If u want it for daily purpose...it's the best in the Range. And if u want to do some heavy work..I would recommend upgrade the Ram to 8Gb,Laptop,138
2700,4,It's very nice I loved the slim body of the laptop the function the keys every thing.its excellent gud product to buy and use it nodoubt,Laptop,136
2701,5,Good,Laptop,4
2702,5,It's a very good laptop at the price of under 25k Only thing is that the 4GB Ram is not sufficient for this because in 4GB model it is little bit lagging...Rest all things is good specially build quality and weight...🤩🤩🤩,Laptop,220
2703,3,The laptop is completely waste of money it's getting to late to open and hanging tooo much it is not the good product ..waste of money and waste of time .we never expect this from flipkart,Laptop,188
2704,5,Very very slow and too lagging,Laptop,30
2705,5,Mcfee antivirus not working that was pre-installed for 1 year subscription free,Laptop,79
2706,4,"Amazing product.Got it at a superb price of 24,640.Thank you so much Flipkart.",Laptop,78
2707,5,Nice,Laptop,4
2708,4,iI love this laptop in 26000 i am loving it laptop is one of best laptop in buget,Laptop,81
2709,5,Value for money..... satisfied with the product,Laptop,47
2710,1,Edited review.  Worst decision of my life buying this garbage. Utter waste,Laptop,74
2711,3,"Hi,  It's been 4 months since I started using this laptop. I would like to say that it is a good beginners' device for basic functionality; no heating/hanging issues, tactile & responsive keyboard, good color saturation on the screen, charges fast and has moderate weight.  Overall, a good buy for the price.",Laptop,308
2712,1,"Good design and light weight but performance is average because it's a budget laptop under 25k. Only for student or normal working or entertainment use, not suggest for multitasking or heavy use.",Laptop,195
2713,5,Very nice product i love it .,Laptop,29
2714,5,That's nice but performance will be batter after ram upgradation,Laptop,64
2715,5,The display and build quality is damn good.Feels premium. Battery life is medium. 4.5 hours-5 hours on full charge. Processor speed is good enough. Ryzen 3 is better than i3 in terms of speed. Front camera is the only down side here.. its below average Overall it is awesome and probably best in the price range.. Theres a brand called Avita which offers higher specs like Ryzen 5 and 8gb ram in similiar price range but again its risky as its not a renowned brand and after sales service can be h...,Laptop,500
2716,5,GOOD FOR STUDENTS AND OFFICE WORK,Laptop,33
2717,2,"Build quality is good. Sound is very bad, lenevo should improve this. Display is ok. Battery backup is bad.",Laptop,107
2718,4,A must buy laptop under 25k!!,Laptop,29
2719,3,Slow perfamence,Laptop,15
2720,4,Display screen is not that steady.Initially struggle to activate office. Overall good budget laptop,Laptop,99
2721,5,"You cannot open 3apps simultaneously, for the same prize you can prefer avita ryzen 5 with 550gb add",Laptop,100
2722,5,It take ages to start .. nothing installed yet takes 20 min for bootup... Better buy some other brand,Laptop,101
2723,4,"With 4 gb memory, we are not supposed to work on windows 10... too slow...",Laptop,74
2724,3,Good,Laptop,4
2725,3,A nice handy product from Lenovo. Ryzen 3 is performing outstandingly. Sound quality is top class. Overall a fine product.,Laptop,122
2726,2,Nice laptop with awesome build quality in this price point. Best buy if you are going to do just browsing and simple tasks on laptop.. Best value for money.,Laptop,156
2727,5,Laptop get hanged in normal uses. Keep hanging at start and need reset of pc again and again,Laptop,92
2728,1,Good,Laptop,4
2729,1,Keyboard is not working,Laptop,23
2730,3,Worth buy,Laptop,9
2731,5,"Using this for 2.5 months now. Primarily to attend Online meetings, Online Classes, Email and working on documents. No complaints at all now. Affordable, looks good, works well. Hope the nice experience continues.",Laptop,213
2732,5,System is very slow. It will take atleast 15 minutes to open. After that if you try to open a word document again it will take 30 mnts. Please don't go for this.,Laptop,161
2733,4,good,Laptop,4
2734,2,good laptop at this price but speaker quality is not good and little heat issue,Laptop,79
2735,5,Very sluggish,Laptop,13
2736,1,Average Performance,Laptop,19
2737,5,Nice Product,Laptop,12
2738,5,Very pathetic performance.it gets hanged even if you is being played.not for multitasking. HD video is also seems as a normal standard video,Laptop,140
2739,1,"Poor performance, battery backup is too low",Laptop,43
2740,3,Good budget laptop. I was sluggish initially... But was good after few configuration setting changes. The viewing angle of the display isn't good. It can be used for basic office work and online learning,Laptop,203
2741,3,"This is the best laptop you can get at this price range, works well for all basic usage, softwares like Photoshop, Movavi Video Editor, etc. also works very smooth 😊",Laptop,165
2742,2,Nice product😊,Laptop,13
2743,3,I am using this laptop from 3 months... This is the best laptop in this price range... Best for your office work...No lagging (disable start up of affecting apps) For students it is perfect to learn and attend online classes... No buffering while playing Asphalt 8...  Just Go For It...,Laptop,286
2744,5,Product is good but due some network settings fan started running continuously for 3 days then i went to reset network settings then it has been stopped.....,Laptop,157
2745,1,display problem within 2 months,Laptop,31
2746,2,Satisfaction,Laptop,12
2747,4,"Battery performance is not good. Apps launch very slowly, patience is the key even for normal usage of this laptop.",Laptop,115
2748,4,very bad product. continuous issue with laptop,Laptop,46
2749,5,Very slow performance and worst service from Lenovo..,Laptop,53
2750,5,Very slow system.I won't recommend anyone to buy,Laptop,48
2751,4,Very nice product at cheaper prices,Laptop,35
2752,1,"The Laptop was working fine eventually however later the battery life decrease drastically & the processor slowed down, now it feels like I clicked on n icon q century back & it just loaded the page.",Laptop,199
2753,4,Don't even think of buying this if u do that u gonna waste Ur money... It take almost 10-15 minutes even to copy and paste a 30-40 mb file and u know what is even more frustrating that u even can't do anything else while it is copying bcoz it will hang if u try to do so.... Very slow laptop ...my old laptop that I got from gov. For free was better than this....won't buy it even if someone is selling it for 5000 only,Laptop,419
2754,2,Good,Laptop,4
2755,1,Its the worst laptop. Don't think I am a lenovo hater . Its problems 1. Battery backup is only 1 hour after fully charged 2. Don't even think of buying it for gaming . FPS is low and the laptop hangs . Even with 1gb graphic card and 4 gb ram it sucks,Laptop,250
2756,1,Must buy. Excellent and is all rounder,Laptop,38
2757,3,Most perfect,Laptop,12
2758,5,Pros: ryzen3 is good @this price range : Good display : Premium looking design Cons: build quality is not that good : Touch pad is not so responsive : Hdd,Laptop,154
2759,2,Awesome product.. Delivery in 2 days...,Laptop,39
2760,1,Performance is good...,Laptop,22
2761,3,Nice just loved it.....,Laptop,23
2762,1,Product very good but just sometime.lag this device.,Laptop,52
2763,5,"I am writing this review after using this product more than a month. Processor is very slow, it's even hangs up if we work on more than 3 windows at the same time. To me I doubt that the company is actually installed RYZEN 3 processor, since it's seems to be working on some really old processor. Battery backup is also not very impressive all together is not the value for money at all.",Laptop,387
2764,5,"Hangs alot. Performance is also very slow. It was having 10days replacement, but these 10days almost take for product installation and after thay when we start to qork gradually things comes up which become hell to even qork",Laptop,224
2765,4,Battery backup is not good,Laptop,26
2766,5,"It has not even been a year, and the laptop is terribly slow, mouse has stopped working and one key kept auto typing until I disabled it with external software. I called the customer care, five days back, they haven't sent the engineer yet. My experience is not good with this device since beginning. I Do not recommend this laptop.",Laptop,332
2767,5,Takes more than 10 minutes some times to open 1 excel file. Very slow processing,Laptop,80
2768,5,Slow. Poor battery,Laptop,18
2769,3,Worst things ever purchase Mother board note work after 1 month..,Laptop,65
2770,2,Over all good product,Laptop,21
2771,2,battery is poor only 1.5 to 2 hour backup not a multitasking laptop,Laptop,67
2772,3,Best model under good price rate,Laptop,32
2773,1,Very worst product Dont buy Fan sound is very high and both customer care are not responding,Laptop,92
2774,1,Keyboard is not working after the use of 2 months...Also The Mouse Pad Is Not Working.... Attempted For Warray,Laptop,110
2775,2,after using it for 2 months its pretty slow and worst sound quality,Laptop,67
2776,1,"Please, fraud, defective Product, small size not order this product",Laptop,67
2777,3,Low audio and performance,Laptop,25
2778,2,"This got a lot of complaints.. battery issues, fan issues.. getting switched off automatically while working. horrible buy..",Laptop,124
2779,5,very good product for student,Laptop,29
2780,1,"OCT 2020- System crashed, got it fixed since under warranty. it was motherboard issue and they had to replace it. Now seriously doubt about the RYZEN processors. god knows how i am going to manage after warranty period.  September 2020 Slow system, bought for daughter online classes. Using for around 2 months now. Sometimes it freezes while in online classes.",Laptop,361
2781,1,The Camera quality is too bad & the sound of the speaker is too low to listen. Didn't expect this type of quality from LENOVO. Do anyone has the way how to over this issue?  Picture quality is good.,Laptop,198
2782,3,Very slow. We Need to upgrade Ram for better performance.,Laptop,57
2783,1,If u use a wireless mouse and dont care much about battery life ... it is pretty decent notebook for the price. Suits my need absolutely fine. Have upgraded ram and installed SSD and its pretty quick.,Laptop,200
2784,2,"This Laptop has been great so far. I got this for the MS Office offer and Windows that were free. I got this Laptop only for office use. Surprisingly, it runs games from 2012 quite well. Games like Assassin's Creed Black Flag and Batman: Arkham City run well on low settings. This is when I have not even upgraded my ram to 8gb dual channel which was recommended by many tech articles. I will get it later. Remains cool and does not heat up that much. Battery is not that good, but you can use th...",Laptop,499
2785,3,Nice,Laptop,4
2786,4,"Worked well for 45 days, then didn't start.",Laptop,43
2787,3,Very good 👍👌👌,Laptop,13
2788,3,Good basic laptop for online schooling and regular MS office based Office working...,Laptop,84
2789,3,Laptop went dead after 1 month due to keyboard shorting issue. Got it repaired under warranty.  2 months later the keyboard stopped again.,Laptop,138
2790,4,"System works very slow, processor not support the regular work, it works toooo slow",Laptop,83
2791,5,Just ok,Laptop,7
2792,4,Value for money laptop,Laptop,22
2793,1,"Customer support very poor... If someone willing to buy, then put the money in some other use or buy it form nearly shop.. but do not take such product from flipkart.. My money totally lost.. And also lenovo support very poor and disappointing..",Laptop,245
2794,5,The brand new laptop is terribly slow.. there is lag for everything and I wish I can return the product.. not worth it,Laptop,118
2795,4,"Ordered it and received ontime. Firstly very bad camera, those who use for online meeting, full grains u can see. Battery drains fast 2hrs max u can use. First 10 days return period it was silent but after that fan started making noise too much don't know any solution to it. Overall average to little above average performance for this price range.",Laptop,349
2796,1,good laptop but battery drains faster not satisfied with battery backup it has overall performance is good except the battery backup.,Laptop,133
2797,1,I loved it ? WFH People's Just go for it.❤,Laptop,42
2798,4,Good for online classes only ..if u try to open multiple tabs it just slows down..web cam and speaker quality really bad..,Laptop,122
2799,4,My laptop speaker sound is turn so low. Dnt buy it.,Laptop,51
2800,3,I feel little bit slow as hear about other person. Otherwise it is good for office work. Battery is also average not much atleast 2-3 hours giving backup. I will suggest all of u if u want to work day to day lifestyle just go for this laptop.. remember it carefully this laptop coming with plastic body..so plz use protection,Laptop,325
2801,1,Sound speaker very worst pls design speaker in top of the laptop dont put sound speaker on down audio level very very low,Laptop,121
2802,3,Good one,Laptop,8
2803,4,Nice product according to budget,Laptop,32
2804,5,Fan makes continuous noise which is irritating. Rest is just like any other laptop in this price range.,Laptop,103
2805,3,Super,Laptop,5
2806,2,I just think it's an average performing laptop. Maybe that's what you get for this price . ONE TIP use it on the LAP or a STAND if keep it on bed and use it for long it will over heat and start crashing until gets cool,Laptop,218
2807,4,Fab one🔥🔥 but battery backup not so good except everything is lit🔥🔥,Laptop,67
2808,3,if you want for normal studying or office use then just go for it. It is pretty enough for daily task.,Laptop,102
2809,4,Afterall a good laptop in this price segment.,Laptop,45
2810,5,Very nice and trustworthy app.,Laptop,30
2811,3,good product,Laptop,12
2812,4,Good product,Laptop,12
2813,3,Charge gets empty within few 1hour,Laptop,34
2814,4,"Display is dull lighting, camera is poor quality, bit slow",Laptop,58
2815,5,"Anti-glare FHD Display, Perfect Design, Expensive looks, Full size keyboard & Performance. Good for gaming & multimedia. Better than core i3 laptops. All 3 USB ports & HDMI are at Left side. Camera performance is poor & sound volume is low. Battery is above average.",Laptop,266
2816,5,"Writing review after 2 week's usage, cheap plastic used for the surface, makes it look like cheap stock. Completely freezes when used with multiple chrome windows, only 1 window of chrome is allowed at a time, its has 4GB DDR4 of RAM but dont know why its not hyper-vising. A simple task of click on the start menu takes 3secs to launch.",Laptop,337
2817,5,Good in performance...also under budget..,Laptop,41
2818,5,Best Laptop in this Price.,Laptop,26
2819,4,"You can get any laptop within any price and if you count on best product within a defined range and especially for students , mid professional with less requirements, lenovo S145 is ideal.  Best for students, accountants. Go ahead with this price range best quality laptop",Laptop,272
2820,4,"Everything is good, the battery backup is 3 to 4 hrs. Could have been better.",Laptop,77
2821,3,Very poor performance and dead slow,Laptop,35
2822,5,Good but not the best,Laptop,21
2823,1,Not a good battery attachment its daraining fast. On base of desing and display its a option for this budget. Overall performance can be more better i think for its not a good option for netflicks. I feel some lag when browsing and it is slow Some times,Laptop,253
2824,4,Battery life is pathetic ... Hardly lasts for 2 hours.,Laptop,54
2825,5,Nice laptop but sound is not better,Laptop,35
2826,4,Good Product,Laptop,12
2827,4,Nice laptop screen quality is awesome (1080p). Speaker is also good. Looks are awesome... Runs smoothly... No noise of fan etc.. Mouse touchpad is also good...  But only one con is Battery...... You get backup of only 3.5 hrs.. Overall laptop is very good... Laptop worths every penny.... Best buy at 26k Thanks to the seller CORCECA,Laptop,333
2828,1,I have to used last 1 week I face hanging problem some time may we need upgrade ram 8 or 16 gb than its work very I think so,Laptop,124
2829,3,"Best in Budget... Handsome Look, Amazing performance, No heating, No Noising. Battery backup is around 4 hours. Very poor Experience in Delivery Service. Never expected from Flipkart since last 7 years.",Laptop,202
2830,5,Great product with low battery life,Laptop,35
2831,3,Not a good laptop hanging too much,Laptop,34
2832,5,The performance is slow. Didn't expect from the brand.,Laptop,54
2833,4,very good,Laptop,9
2834,5,It is not working as expected. Don't go on all the comments. Its is woking slower than my old computer. Please come and replace it. Flipkart must not sell faulty products.,Laptop,171
2835,3,Honest laptop was good for normal & office use only issue with battery other wise all are good,Laptop,94
2836,4,Good product except for camera,Laptop,30
2837,3,It is very Good configuration. BETTER than intel I3 processor which got more prize than this.,Laptop,93
2838,1,Best product,Laptop,12
2839,3,Best laptop with all features got in 24490/-,Laptop,44
2840,5,"I have got this on wonderful deal, laptop looks great thanks flipcart . Thank u",Laptop,79
2841,1,Worst product. Tried reaching Lenovo but no reply,Laptop,49
2842,5,Good at a price range of 26000 Perfomance was average Need to extend ram Local camera Built quality low,Laptop,103
2843,3,Good one...!,Laptop,12
2844,4,"Even when it is new, at times slows down...Processor performance really not up-to the mark. But a good built.",Laptop,109
2845,5,performence compare to i3 8gen slower,Laptop,37
2846,5,Defective product charger is not working,Laptop,40
2847,5,Nice product for home use,Laptop,25
2848,1,Working fine till now,Laptop,21
2849,3,Laptop is slow not upto mark Even for a basic use.. Design is good.. battery backup is pretty average.. sound is way less than average it is almost impossible without a speakers of ear phones.. my mobile is atleast twice as loud It's of poor quality and keyboard stops working,Laptop,276
2850,5,Fan started making loud noise from the second week itself.,Laptop,58
2851,3,Very good and worth it owning this laptop.,Laptop,42
2852,4,Very good for price,Laptop,19
2853,1,"Dont take this Laptop , It is very slow .",Laptop,41
2854,5,"Overall this laptop is a value for money and every thing is decent for this price range.Good for normal use but with some upgrade of Ram/ssd,it can be used for heavy work.  Design - 5/5 Camera- 3/5 Performance- 4/5 Battery-3.5/5",Laptop,228
2855,4,Super,Laptop,5
2856,1,Very slow and worst processor,Laptop,29
2857,1,Value for money. A must buy product under 28k. Really satisfied thanku flipkart,Laptop,79
2858,5,Nice product with low cost compare to other laptops as features and hardware . I got it in bank offers 👍,Laptop,104
2859,5,Battery last for 3 hours in full charge Performance is ok not that great U can hear a fan sound which is little noisy  Good design looks premium Value for money,Laptop,160
2860,1,Totally satisfied with this product 👍nice delivery by flipkart,Laptop,62
2861,5,Excellent 👌👍,Laptop,12
2862,5,Awesome Budget Laptop. Value For money,Laptop,38
2863,1,battry capacity very low,Laptop,24
2864,5,Superb,Laptop,6
2865,4,Little bit slow. Display good Battery backup is also ok for moderate work. Fast charging is good. Value for money,Laptop,113
2866,3,Nice product in 25 k range,Laptop,26
2867,5,best leptop in this price range...,Laptop,34
2868,5,The product is only good by looks but performance is horrible. Only in two days there is a sound started coming from the laptop and it was too loud and unstoppable. I returned the laptop immediately.,Laptop,199
2869,4,this product awesome and value of money is excellent but delivery out of date to delay,Laptop,86
2870,5,Good,Laptop,4
2871,5,Very nice for that cost,Laptop,23
2872,5,As of now everythink seems to be ok. Delivery is super fast.,Laptop,60
2873,4,Worth every penny .Fully satisfied.,Laptop,35
2874,4,Very good product.worth ot money,Laptop,32
2875,1,I don't know why peoples are saying that it's display bad.but if you have proper display driver.then it's just wow..and battery life is upto 3 hours.. performance 🔥🔥🔥🔥....extra 4 gb will rock..,Laptop,193
2876,5,good product and value for price,Laptop,32
2877,5,Worst laptop.... Too slow!! Hangs a lot,Laptop,39
2878,5,Great look. Value for money,Laptop,27
2879,5,0.3mp webcam is pathetic for such a good product,Laptop,48
2880,5,Rest features are amazing only battery is terrible,Laptop,50
2881,5,very good product,Laptop,17
2882,4,A good laptop under 30k,Laptop,23
2883,5,This laptop comes with HDD if you can install a ssd in it then it's the perfect it's the best under 30000,Laptop,105
2884,1,First date was peaceful but on the third day it started laging and stuff... Word and chrome were taking forever to load,Laptop,119
2885,5,Excellent laptop,Laptop,16
2886,3,"Very very slow processor, its taking too long to boot up and to open simple applications. I have previously used lenovo i3 5th gen device that was very good compared to this. Don't waste your money in buying this slow device",Laptop,224
2887,4,Very good product I like it.,Laptop,28
2888,5,"Please do not buy this laptop, the AMD processor this laptop has is very slow and you will need to spend extra money on ram for it to work nicely. Please go for Intel if possible, it'll be a better offer and the screen isn't great so is the battery life. It's a 2/5 laptop.",Laptop,273
2889,5,An amazing product for home use,Laptop,31
2890,5,Nice,Laptop,4
2891,3,"Good laptop , budget laptop",Laptop,27
2892,5,Good,Laptop,4
2893,1,The product is nice. Delivery is quick. Lenovo it self a brand having best performance.,Laptop,87
2894,5,Is the best in this price range,Laptop,31
2895,2,Excellent,Laptop,9
2896,5,laptop is slow,Laptop,14
2897,5,Everything ok but the battery backup is disgusting....gives backup for only 1.5 to 2 hours max....,Laptop,98
2898,5,Best choice,Laptop,11
2899,5,Yaa okay but battery issue...,Laptop,29
2900,5,Good better laptop this buget...,Laptop,32
2901,5,"Good laptop at 26k. Lookwise good. Sound output is decent. Dobly audio gives good experience. Working smoothly. No lag noticed so far while switching between apps, tabs. Enough to carry out basic work. Giving battey back up of 4 hours. Display is good for watching videos. But horrible viewing angle. This is the biggest let down of this laptop. Having hard time in reading numbers. They appear very dim compared to my old hp pavillion series. On/Off key which is given in the keyboard seems to be...",Laptop,500
2902,5,Speaker is so poor. Lagging Battery is also not up to the mark,Laptop,62
2903,1,Awsum experience....,Laptop,20
2904,3,"1. Very slow processing, crashes are quite often. 2. Only 299 days warranty period instead of 1 year. 3. Short power cord and bad adapter 4. CPU fan on the bottom side, making it hard to put on the lap. 5. No ethernet port",Laptop,222
2905,5,Good . Tnx Flipkart.,Laptop,20
2906,2,Sound quality is good but volume its too low... And overall system is good as i received.,Laptop,89
2907,5,Best value for money laptop in this range,Laptop,41
2908,3,Battery is pathetic! Lenovo needs to look into the battery design. Otherwise OK OK..,Laptop,84
2909,1,Best best laptop from this price...and the delivery was very fast.,Laptop,66
2910,5,Will give complete review after 3 4 months of usage,Laptop,51
2911,1,Nice product,Laptop,12
2912,5,Good,Laptop,4
2913,3,DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. I cannot emphasis more. Better go for i3 any generation.,Laptop,81
2914,5,It's very good and fabulous lap,Laptop,31
2915,3,Nice product,Laptop,12
2916,5,Good Laptop. Stylish shining body.,Laptop,34
2917,5,I'm suffering for Microsoft license more than 1 month. It is asking password again and again. I don't know why? It is Slow laptop. Only design is good. Please look me mat jana. Thank you,Laptop,186
2918,5,Good and value of money,Laptop,23
2919,4,product is good iam facing touchpad issue sometimes and the price is low in outside,Laptop,83
2920,1,Installed an ssd which works with no lag.but display is not at all good,Laptop,71
2921,5,Good product in this price,Laptop,26
2922,5,Its OK,Laptop,6
2923,4,Good in budget but sometimes getting stuck.,Laptop,43
2924,3,Screen is very dark and poor battery life,Laptop,41
2925,4,Best in laptop,Laptop,14
2926,4,Good,Laptop,4
2927,4,having issues with touchpad and when mouse is connected tge laptop goes into buffering. moreover the customer care is not at all cooperative regarding this issue.,Laptop,162
2928,3,mind blowing,Laptop,12
2929,3,"Install an additional 4GB or 8GB 2400mhz, SODIMM RAM. Facing no performance issue after upgradimg the RAM.",Laptop,106
2930,4,Laptop are not properly work becouse his hanged,Laptop,47
2931,3,I think everything is good but need to improve battery backup.,Laptop,62
2932,5,the body of this laptop made by cheap plastic. just ok type product.,Laptop,68
2933,4,Battery performance is too low Display is quite good but the video playback is very bad viewing angles are terrible This laptop is not good for watching movies and viewing pictures Good for browsing and MS office,Laptop,212
2934,3,Performance is very poor. Battery is draining fast but worth at this price point,Laptop,80
2935,5,good product value for money,Laptop,28
2936,5,Sleek and Stylish!,Laptop,18
2937,5,osm,Laptop,3
2938,4,"awesome products, great delivery time.",Laptop,38
2939,2,to slow it's hanging,Laptop,20
2940,3,"Good one for the normal users, for this price range it is awesome. Delivered on time,😀👍",Laptop,87
2941,3,nice,Laptop,4
2942,3,Its good bt it slow sometimes,Laptop,29
2943,5,under 25000 is good laptop,Laptop,26
2944,5,Best Samsung phone in this price range.Good battery back up.Decent Display.Fast fingerprint sensor.Rear camera quality is good.front camera is not up to the mark.90 Hz refresh rate is good.Good user interface.updated to one ui 3.1.there are some pre installed apps which can only be disabled.sound quality is low comparing with other smartphones in same price segment.using in low screen bightness noticed screen flickering.There is no screen protector or case in the box.Takes 160 minutes for ful...,Laptop,500
2945,5,This smartphone is very good in camera and battery And value for money from Samsung with clean and smooth Ui and good battery life also,Laptop,135
2946,1,First I would like to thank you Flipkart for fastest delivery and yah the delivery guy is so cooperative and helpful Samsung phones are always best in performance and this one is also affordable and awesome phone,Laptop,212
2947,5,"Pros:- Battery backup is simply awesome. I got 8+ hours SOT Performance is way better than Xiaomi and realme at this range. Bloatware free and no junk apps. Previously i was a Motorola User so i miss Moto tweaks, thats all. This gap is fulfilled by Samsung one UI. lots and lots of customisation. Samsung brand is trust. Phone is Durable and service centre are very helpful This is myth exynos are not good. Trust me, in real life in doesnt matter until and unless you do heavy gaming at very high...",Laptop,500
2948,5,"Best mobile for in this price range, Battery backup is highlight. Better go with this mobile in budget category from best brand. Absolutely perfect mobile.",Laptop,155
2949,3,"Nice phone. We can rely on Samsung than any Chinese company like MI, Redmi, Poco, Realme, Vivo, Oppo etc.  Little heavy and thick than others but best in this price range. Rear and front cameras are superb. Not has SAmoled display and you can't expect it in this price. 6000 mah battery is just wow. Power packed phone.  But the Charger is of 9V and there is mentioned that it is of 15V.  It did justice with its price. Value for money and trust of Samsung.  If you are willing for it, Go ahead 👍",Laptop,496
2950,3,"Camera is good battery is good fingure unlock sensor is very good and fast it is very thick due to large battery this phone is not for slim phone lovers but phone is very good and price are also good , good job samsung",Laptop,218
2951,4,Overall it is good value of money. Everything perfect except taking about 3 and half hour to take full battery charge which is painful. Samsung should work on it.,Mobile phone,162
2952,5,"According to this budget , this phone is fabulous. As in this budget we are getting 4 GB RAM and 128 GB internal memory which is quite good combination where other phones are giving 64 GB as their internal storage. Not only this we are getting also Exynos 850 processor which is a very good power efficient processor and 90Hz refresh rate which makes the phone very fast. And the camera quality is really good, its focus technology is really great. And SAMSUNG is really a very good brand as well ...",Mobile phone,500
2953,4,The phone looks great in appearance. Fully black tinted glass pops out its nex gen looks. See Green gives compliment with whole black display. Precisely it is teal color not sea green. Touch (scroll up and down or sideways) is very smooth. Battery lasted from 24 Hours on 50% on mediocre use. Wi Fi connects fast and working nicely.  Now with cons (there are multiple) Display is very very bad. It is smoky white rather than bright white. Colors are very dull. There is over brightness on display...,Mobile phone,499
2954,5,It's fantastic phone actually . Especially battery backup is very good upto 2days with a single charge.. it's nearly 1/4 kg.. Anyway best phone under 12k,Mobile phone,153
2955,5,"Personally i feel the design of this phone is very nice and impressive. Camera quality is good in this price point. Performance is also good in this range Battery life is good but it doesn't support fast charging so i didn't feel good about it. Display isn't good ,cheap display i am very Disappoint for it..... Overall you can buy this but if you want good display so don't buy it.",Mobile phone,382
2956,4,"Using the phone for the last 13 days.  •The best thing about the phone is the battery. The amazing battery lasts for about 30 hours in one full-charge for me.  •I am not a gamer. Keeping that in mind, the performance of the phone is quite good.  •The back-camera is also good but could have been much better for 48-MP. The front camera is also not bad. The macro lens is very good for a 2-MP lens.  • Overall, I love this phone. No complains.",Mobile phone,442
2957,5,"Really loved the build quality.........smudgeproof 😍 Display is quite bright what I expected it got more brightness. Battery is huge 6000mAh & u can use it for 1 - 1.5days straight without any issue also u can get 2days if u r a light user. Camera is also the best as always........Thanks @Samsungindia for that. Regarding the performance I would like to say..........it's Much power efficient rather than powerful one. In short,It's a value for money device from SAMSUNG.",Mobile phone,472
2958,5,Overall good camera and battery phone in this price. Camera quality is very good. Battery also good last upto 2 days. Performance good like any other samsung mobile. Sound quality is very good.  Phone is little bit heavy due to 6000mAh battery. Back panel looks outdated.  Overall good phone in this budget range.,Mobile phone,313
2959,5,"Best clean budget phone. If you need a clean. And good simple degine working performance. It's best. And if you need best of the best photo, then plz buy a DSLR not a phone.",Mobile phone,173
2960,1,"Low light camera is not good , selfie is average but looking wise it's a good product . Performance is good with average gaming Battery pick up also good  Overall value for money",Mobile phone,178
2961,5,"Go for it if u r not a ardent game lover like pubg,cod. 4 out of 5 for this budget range.  Good build quality Pros: Definitely the battery. It's real good Display looks good. No lags. Yet to try high storage games. Handles 6 to 7 apps seamlessly Back camera is good.  Cons: Selfie camera could ve been better. As Mi phones offer good camera quality for this price range No back cover. Even simple one. High wattage battery, but atleast takes 2hours to full charge.",Mobile phone,464
2962,4,Really amazing 👏😍product I'm totally satisfied with it if anyone is willing to purchase a new phone I will recommend you to purchase I have also ordered another same product for my mother it's really nice u can rely on it value for money 💰,Mobile phone,239
2963,5,"Amazing smartphone. Camera , battery back up , display , are awesome 👌. It has a little bit heating problem but not at all . Amazing smartphone for students becoz I'm using as a student .😊😊. It is heavy also , this is a bad point for this smartphone. But all good . ND I'm satisfied . Delivery was also good 👍. Thanks flipkart. 😊",Mobile phone,329
2964,5,it's not very good but battery is good processor is not very good so if we have to do gaming then it is not better for us,Mobile phone,121
2965,4,I'm writing this review after 4 days of using this phone. According to the price this phone is excellent. Battery life is amazing. Lasts about 2 days after charging. Display is good. Sound quality is not that great but its okay. There are some amazing advance features. A bit heavy though. Overall this is an amazing phone in this budget.,Mobile phone,338
2966,5,Camera is not so good . Battery is not like 6000 mah . Only phone look is good .,Mobile phone,80
2967,4,It is a good quality product and it is better then my expectations....... It's a cool phone. As it's a med range phone..,Mobile phone,120
2968,5,"Very nice product according to price. delivered next day after booking. Camera, battery, display good. Every one may buy with out any doubts. I recommend it to Samsung lovers. LOVELY MOBILE.",Mobile phone,190
2969,5,This mobile f12 is absolute value for money with a excellent battery back up uptown 5 days but it is very thick and the display of this is not as much better but satisfying and the front camera is also not good but overall performance of this mobile is excellent in this price range.so if you are think of buying it then your choice is correct.,Mobile phone,344
2970,4,The camera optimization is very poor. The 48Mp's photo looks like captured from 2Mp camera and the macro shot is nightmate. But yaa seamless experience as compared to Xiaomi or any other Chinese phones as there are no ads and the UI is light and it feels very fast in using. The battery is a plus point for this phone. I personally liked the UI as compared to MIUI with no bloatwares and ads popping out in middle of the work which is in the case of MIUI,Mobile phone,454
2971,1,Good features and camera quality is good and powerful battery and nice and auto call recorder option is also available if don't want auto call recorder option manual call recorder option is also available but the problem is we should have click tow time to open any thing other good phone value of money and most recommended,Mobile phone,324
2972,5,This Phone is awesome in this price point it has some graet features and I liked this Phone The display is HD+ but it fells like FHD+ the colurs and contrast are very good.And also the delivery boy was very cooperative,Mobile phone,218
2973,4,"Great Product , If You want to buy a new branded phone and you have only a less amount in your hand , then no problem just buy this and use its fantastic. I Bought a Black one , that's great in real but not good in photos...",Mobile phone,224
2974,5,It's a good midranger. Apt for someone looking for a second phone or for your parents or kids. Feels solid. Looks decent. 90hz refresh is a plus. The camera perform well enough. I personally love One UI so definitely a good buy. The drop notch looks a bit dated but other than that over-all it's okay.,Mobile phone,301
2975,5,Fabulous budgeted phone. Use to gift 🎁my wife she is very happy with this fantastic gift and amazing performance. 5star to this mobile and Samsung too❤.,Mobile phone,152
2976,4,"I gifted this to my mom on my 1st salary from my 1st job. She's really happy although she wasn't very positive about the cost. She believed she could use a cheaper one. Now, how do i tell her that nothing is more valuable than her love.",Mobile phone,236
2977,4,"Listing out only most desirable points to know from realtime usage. Others you'll find on online reviews.  Pros: Efficient battery. It doesn't go well with gaming though Handling the device is easy for people like who spend a lot of time outdoors, given you equip with a right case Good build - surely will last for 4 years without intentional or accidental physical stress  Cons: Mediocre camera for this segment. At this price you'll get awesome image quality from Mi, Realme and others. Sound ...",Mobile phone,499
2978,4,"Nice Phone in samsung budget series I love samsung products quality , after sale service , the support, security updates all in all great company ....",Mobile phone,150
2979,5,"Superb Phone......  Don't look at the negative comments if you are not a heavy gamer (Pubg, Call of Duty, etc.). Light gaming like Subway Surfers, Temple Run runs very smoothly in this phone.  Pros: 1. Big Display (6.5 inch). Brightness and display quality is also good. 90hz display is also an advantage 2. Big Battery (6000 mAh). It gives 1 day battery backup after heavy usage and it may be used for 2 days on a single in light use. 3. Camera is decent. As always Samsung camera is very good. 4...",Mobile phone,500
2980,4,"When I was ordered it is M12 , but I received F12.I don't know why it is happened and what is the difference. Camera clarity is very bad. My redmi Y1 13MP camera clarity is far better than this M12 or F12.I was purchased due to 48MP camera.",Mobile phone,240
2981,5,"Awesome product & I have ordered this product on the 1st day,its performance is good & battery is also good,its look also good but this model similar to galaxy A12, M12.",Mobile phone,169
2982,5,"Very good Shape nice battery, performance is okay. overall value for money. It will be great phone if it gets better display and speakers than this",Mobile phone,147
2983,5,The best phone among all on this price range Camera is awesome. Battery is monster. Everything is just perfect. So happy to buy it Thank you Samsung Thank you flipkart.👍,Mobile phone,169
2984,3,"A nice product in affordable range. After Using Vivo, Redmi and Micromax , which boast of good Camera quality and attractive accessibility options but finally ends in software/ hardware issue, sluggish performance i have returned to Samsung after 3 years. Camera quality - good Display - good Performance - good except sometimes there is issue in call connecting . Battery - good as well as fast charging. Face unlock- slow Fingerprint unlock - average. Overall, recommended for purchase in th...",Mobile phone,496
2985,5,"Literally the best of Samsung in this price range.  Camera quality is really good, not the best, but OK. The 48mp rear camera is the best, other three cams are not upto the mark. The selfish camera is better.  Battery lasts upto 1 day even on continuous use but it takes time for charging.  It is not recommended for gamers, but for a regular user or student who uses for attending online classes, calls, multitasking, It is highly recommended.  Display is amazing. Adaptive 90hz display is very s...",Mobile phone,500
2986,5,"Best mid range mobile from samsung , back camera is good but front camera is avarage. Performance is good although good phone in this price range.",Mobile phone,146
2987,2,"You use it as a secondary phone not primary And the pros are 1 big battery 2 big storage 3 processor is all right Cons 1 display not that good 2 camera is ok not upto the mark 3 audio is not upto the mark You can go for micromax in note 1, it's far better than this",Mobile phone,265
2988,2,Good option for normal users. It will be good if a back case is provided along with the package. 6000mah battery might not as good as others. But for a Samsung phone this is the best option. Quad camera set is is just okay. Macro shots and all are just average. But the wide angle camera is the most attractive one in this price range. The display is fine. Much brighter and clearer one. The phone is little bulky but it won't be a problem for us. For gamers you may skip this phone. This is not ...,Mobile phone,499
2989,3,Selfie camera is not much good as expected. Main camera is ok. But the rest of all the performance is the best I loved it too much. The 90hz display performs like pro. Very very fast response of screen. Battery lasts whole day long for online classes. Overall it's a beast in this budget.,Mobile phone,288
2990,5,Display is waste even less budget phones of other brands compared to this have good display.....camera says 48mp but trust me it's not even 8mp camera also.....speaker volume is less...... never expected this from a brand like samsung....... samsung manufacturers the display and supply to all other brands but Samsung itself should work on his phones rather....... totally bad experience. Please go for any other brand......if u buy this phone simply u will not satisfy.,Mobile phone,471
2991,4,"Reviewing after 2 days use. Mobile has heating problem while usingand charging. Overall features are best. Go for this mobile. But you can't use this mobile for high level gaming like PUBG,BGMI and FREE FIRE. For gaming purchase Media Teck Helio G or P processor mobiles. I love this phone😇. The features are just awesome and you can't compare to other mobiles. Such a best display, sound and fingerprint sensor at power key,call background features....awesome...awesome and awesome 👌",Mobile phone,484
2992,5,"Bought this as a second phone. Was looking for a cheap reliable one. So went for a Samsung phone. Given the price, the display, call clarity and performance are good. Camera is also reasonably good. But then if camera was main function one needed, the budget would have to be stepped up. So overall, a very good phone for everyday use",Mobile phone,334
2993,4,"Very well balanced phone - Camera, Battery, Display & Antennas - best in this budget. Additionally, an excellent software experience!",Mobile phone,133
2994,3,"Camera is not as per expectations,there is nothing like 48MP quality in clicked images,performance of front camera is also not good. Performance is good in this price range,battery is awesome and display is ok.",Mobile phone,210
2995,5,Review after 3 month of use:  1)Camera and battery backup are upto the mark...4/5 2)Screen or display is bit disappointed as resolution not that good .but its ok for this price tag...3/5 3) Performance is good if you are using genral purpose.but not that good or smooth for playing high resolution games like COD or PUBg.3/5 4)it definitely a value for money and more important it is not Chinese . If Samsung improve and more features in One UI .also it has samsung ads or bloatware .4/5,Mobile phone,487
2996,5,I had bought it for my children and they liked it very much.. Its worth every penny.. Absolutely a smart buy in this price range.... 👌👌,Mobile phone,135
2997,1,"Awesome phone in this price. Performance is very good in each. Battery backup , camera and storage all are fantastic. Thanks samsung and Flipkart for this. I recommend to buy samsung mobile.",Mobile phone,190
2998,3,Super valuable phone I like this phone I am so happy thank you flipkart ...,Mobile phone,75
2999,5,"Recently bought samsung m21 for father which had oled screen so expected f12 to be better than that but turned out to be far less than m21 for almost same price. Poor screen color, poor camera, wifi also only 2.4 gz and not 5 gz. One good camera would have been sufficient instead of 4 bad cameras. Pics captured look like artificially painted. Worst boot time. Looks great only from outside, but internal are strip down like anything. Samsung should stop fooling people.",Mobile phone,471
3000,5,Product delivered on time. Phone seems good right now but it is heavy maybe due to big size. Charging takes a lot of time but the battery backup is good. I am satisfied with the the product but not delighted.,Mobile phone,208
3001,3,Very nice mobile phone...I am feeling very happy after received this product.... Camera is well ..... And thanks to flipkart for delivery in very short time a carefully also....,Mobile phone,177
3002,4,display and camera are way better than chinese competitors in this range. people writing review like they are paying 50000 bucks. i got it for 8549 and under 10000 this is best you can get.,Mobile phone,189
3003,5,"I loved the part of delivery from Flipkart and a good phone in this budget especially when it is NOT CHINESE and MADE IN INDIA.  For a regular use, this phone is nice with good battery and camera.  Just 1 star is less because, it feels thicker than expected. Rest everything is perfect.",Mobile phone,286
3004,5,"1. camera not clear like 48mp (May be it will be clear after update). But many features. 2. Smooth performance. Though Sometimes it slows down while multi-tasking in high speed. But it is quite natural for any phone. It has pop up. Split windows and many more. Amazing. 3. No hitting issue.   4. Battery lasts for 3 days in regular use. 5. BEST PHONE IN THIS BUDGET.  .. . ....NO APP LOCK, NO COMPASS. ......  🧸 APP LOCK AND MORE SENSORS COULD BE GIVEN.",Mobile phone,453
3005,5,It is a very good and velue for money smart phone....... best quality camera and best battery as well as bast display in this price segment ant it has exynos 850 it is a good processor of all rounding 👌 i use this phone continues 2 months and i really impressed it's service . It has Android 11 with one ui 3.1 . One ui 3.1 is a extremely good ui and my one of the favorite ui . So i extremely suggest you this phone,Mobile phone,416
3006,1,It is a super phone in this price range . It camera is good. Display is good. In first time the battery Is not in function in after 2 days the battery is very good. In full charge it leads in 2 days . It is good performance and good quality . Display is good . You will buy you'll happy. In this price Samsung galaxy F12 is better than anthor mobiles,Mobile phone,350
3007,4,Poor camera. No night mode. Nice lock app not supported. Rest is good like performance and battery life. Software experience is great,Mobile phone,133
3008,5,Phone look is awesome best suited for official use ...Firstime#samsung Thank u filpkart for speedy delivery,Mobile phone,107
3009,5,"The camera is just wow,battery is obviously good,the performance is great,the display is really good a very smooth feel,it's good for gaming,and you get samsung max with privacy protection,vpn and stuff and it's samsung so as a brand too samsung is really up there plus it looks really good so it's definitely perfect for avg users and gamers.",Mobile phone,343
3010,4,"Good phone. Camera quality, display is good. Gives good battery backup. Only and main problem is sound quality. Volume of the phone is very low. music or videos cannot be enjoyed and we can't here properly if speaker is on during call. Also the Dolby Atmos feature is disabled in the phone and there's no option to enable it.",Mobile phone,325
3011,2,"Samsung f12 best build quality,heavy battery life,Knox security, advertisement free system,no heating issue,fast charging,no lag,unloacking very fast,90 hz display is more better than full HD display of Chinese phone,Dolby atmos audio...I think samsung show their build quality in their phones in all segments...must buy ...flipkart deliver boy is nice ..he waiting for me 3 hour...and good delivery ..thanks flipkart",Mobile phone,417
3012,5,"Phone is very good but there is no screen guard and phone cover , Samsung should give this.  Every thing is fine but i don't like the camera quality , specially the front 8 MP selfie camera is not good and back camera is OK not bad .",Mobile phone,233
3013,5,"Pocket friendly but not exactly pocket friendly. Other words it's great value for money but due to 6000mah battery it becomes think like 90s mobile phone. I think we don't need 6000mah battery as any way we are home in this lockdown. Apart from phone thickness everything is just awesome, perfect blend of memory, display and cpu. Awesome display. Samsung you rock always.",Mobile phone,372
3014,4,Good and fantastic and very happy and lovely mobile,Mobile phone,51
3015,5,Like it's camera is is like 48mp. It's take too much time to charge. I recommend realme narzo 30a on place of this phone. Realme is better then samsung . It's has very less features. It doesn't have even Restrict background data . Or data speedo meter. It's screenshot taking method is worst. It's has soo many pre installed app that we could not delete. I repete REALME IS BETTER THEN SAMSUNG.,Mobile phone,394
3016,5,"If I am going with brand name SAMSUNG then it should be like super but in samsung f12 disappointed me . It's camera quality is not good ,it is 48 mp camera . If anybody want to buy this for thinking good camera I recommended to go with Realme. Battery backup also less .",Mobile phone,270
3017,4,As per this rate its good deal for me. I like it because i am not heavy user or gamer so i like it. Display is Little bit not because its not Amoled display.,Mobile phone,157
3018,5,Overall Satisfied 👍👍  Pros: 1. Big Display + Good build quality 2. Sharp Colors 3. Good battery backup lasts for almost 1.5 days 4. Smooth touch + clean UI 5. No lags until now + no heating issue 6. Rear camera works pretty good in day light  Cons: 1. Front camera is average 2. No back cover provided 3. Feels little heavy in initial days but later gets used too it.,Mobile phone,367
3019,4,Review based on 2 weeks usage. Good phone overall. Decent camera. Good display. Very good battery backup. Samsung product query support claim gorilla glass but do not explicitly mention on their website.,Mobile phone,203
3020,3,Good product in this price range but not so good for gaming ...brilliant camera..and nice performance overall nice mobile...,Mobile phone,124
3021,5,Camera is not good as campare to sumsung M20 And m11 Mic receptivity not good Not good product on this range,Mobile phone,108
3022,1,"Got this for my mom..infact the first ever Android based Samsung phone brought in my history.  Good things:  1. Feature set like 90hz display, Samsung pay and Samsung Knox support, Dolby Atmos support and even Widewine L1 despite HD resolution is good. 2. Excellent battery life. 3. Decent RAM management. 4. Good update timeline. 5. For 720p display the viewing angles is decent.   Things that could have been better: 1. Slightly better Exynos chipset would have been good, but no lags felt prob...",Mobile phone,499
3023,3,Overall performance is good for medium use. Battery life is pretty good. For those who's looking for playing High graphic games than don't go for it. Camera performance is also average. Not so high not that bad. It's Not perfect for Photography lover. And Yeah it's little bit heavy. Weight is around 240-250Gms.,Mobile phone,312
3024,4,Display is ok ok..as compare to AMOLED screen.Other things like battery and hardware performance is perfect..4gb Ram and 128 gb is nice combination..Overall phone is good in this budget.,Mobile phone,186
3025,4,Wonderful product... good battery life.... nice display.... fast biometric... over all the product is worldclass but they should improve camera quality...# value for money,Mobile phone,171
3026,5,"This is the best phone if you are looking for under 10000. It's performance is best. In some of the 4 gb ram mobile phone if you will open heavy games like cod mobile,free fire,etc and then go to the recent tab and open them they will restart but in this it doesn't restart. That's a good thing of it. It's camera is only a bad thing as there should be more modes for camera. However this phone is excellent",Mobile phone,407
3027,4,"Phone was delivered per time frame..... If asking about the phone, best phone for the person who is Starting to get a touch of technology or for a light user Best thing about the phone is the Samsung One UI Its the twin brother of M12 > Same features ,there is no even a slight change Other than that there is nothing else to post If you want best value for money at this price range go for ""POCO"" Or you need a lesser priced samsung device go for M11",Mobile phone,451
3028,2,"I have never had a good experience with Samsung mobile before.So I always use a different brand of mobile.After reviewing of all good,the Samsung F12 galaxy was bought.  Quality of product & finishings too good in this price.Operating speed is excellent and easy accessible.Light weight.  The quality of pictures taken from all rear cameras are very good.But not good results of front camera with compare of different brand.  And also thanks to flipkart for very fast delivery within two days.",Mobile phone,493
3029,4,Very good product. Value for money. Battery back up is strong. Awesome display. Sound quality is very good and loud.,Mobile phone,116
3030,4,"Product is average, kind of old age phone. Its good for mom and dad who has less consumption of Social sites and cameras and generally have phone in bag coz its 221gm will be able to tilt your pocket. True Feedback after 2 months of use. Pros:- 6000 mah battery 6.5'' display Con's:- Bad Processor, very cheap Bulky Poor camera 8 mp is better than this Samsung claims 48 but in one specific mode no zoom.low light performance horrible. I won't recommend this phone to people out there.",Mobile phone,485
3031,3,This review isnt for mobile because i just received and too say something it is little but hurry. But the commitment the Area manager fulfilled of Jassola Location ( South Delhi ) is remarkable. I just received a phone within 24 Hours due to Birthday of my younger brothet on Next day after order placed. Thankyou very much for the instant service and a delivery person a most humble person. For the only reason i am aplus member and retained customer of flipkart since 5 years,Mobile phone,477
3032,5,"It's very nice budget phone under big brand Samsung, Camera performance top level Hardware performance top level Screen size and its view amazing to watch anything with big this big screen Battery backup really very good Multitasker, easily run 6/7 application at same time and use simultaneously which is really good from samsung Very good budget friendly purchase so if you're thinking to buy don't think just buy it",Mobile phone,418
3033,5,Good budget friendly device from Samsung specially packed with that 15 watt charger which makes it far better good in every expect if u are thinking of purchasing a phone for your family go for it without anh hesitation,Mobile phone,219
3034,4,"A fair bit of bloatware on it that needed to be removed. Otherwise oneUI is a decent interface, not a lot of lag. 90Hz display is a bonus for my mother who consumes a lot of content on it. Good purchase for the money.",Mobile phone,217
3035,4,gud product happy with product at this price range and courier facility also gud i think ekar doing well this time happy with flipkart at this pandemic doning there best thanks to flipkart,Mobile phone,188
3036,5,Camera is very good and Nice,Mobile phone,28
3037,3,"Nice mobile, camera and good price",Mobile phone,34
3038,5,This phone is very good to use. Perfect performance Value for money.,Mobile phone,68
3039,5,Best samsung phone that i ever use. With its camera quality amd battery backup. Love samsung,Mobile phone,92
3040,4,Nice look,Mobile phone,9
3041,5,Camera is best,Mobile phone,14
3042,5,Cemera super,Mobile phone,12
3043,5,Great Purchase 👍,Mobile phone,16
3044,4,"Value for money, good battery life, superb looks.",Mobile phone,49
3045,5,Really very nice 👌 I'm happy Camera quality normal 👌 but storage space 128gb 👌👌👌,Mobile phone,80
3046,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3047,5,I purchased for my mom,Mobile phone,22
3048,5,Good phone ☺️ go for it 😃.,Mobile phone,26
3049,5,battery backup is very good and camera quality is better than previous samsung range fone.,Mobile phone,90
3050,5,Nice image quality Best phone under 10000/-,Mobile phone,43
3051,5,Just wow... Amazing mobile value for money..❤❤ Note it it is android 11 This mobile has a new feature,Mobile phone,101
3052,5,Value for money product,Mobile phone,23
3053,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3054,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
3055,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
3056,5,Affordable phone in this range...I like it,Mobile phone,42
3057,4,Excellent phone with Great battery backup ànd camera 📷 quality 👌🏻❤️,Mobile phone,67
3058,5,Nice features,Mobile phone,13
3059,4,Pros: Good battery life with considerable fast charging Scree-body ratio is good with good resolution Camera quality is average (at this price bracket it is good) Good built quality and sound quality Fast face or fingerprint unlock Side mounted finger print is great Cons: Little heavier as battery capacity is more Unnecessary apps are clogged with advertisements under almost every app No earphone in the box Few unnecessary apps that you can’t uninstall,Mobile phone,456
3060,5,This price ( range) and new features are best,Mobile phone,45
3061,5,Value for Money 👌 Nice Smartphone in this price range❤️,Mobile phone,55
3062,4,Bast phone,Mobile phone,10
3063,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3064,5,Battery is excellent Camera is good Performance very good  Back cover & handsfree was not available in box.,Mobile phone,107
3065,5,A really good phone at this price. Camera display battery backup just osm. No problem yet,Mobile phone,89
3066,4,First of all its a Samsung brand with knox security so one can rely on this brand for security concerns. Best battery and a power efficienct processor One UI 3.1 has the best in the segment features on par with A series phones and finally its a NON- CHINESE brand . A proud Samsung user.,Mobile phone,287
3067,5,"Mobile is good, but a bit heavy and thick, may be because of battery size..",Mobile phone,75
3068,5,Great mobile phone,Mobile phone,18
3069,5,Just in one word it's awesome 👌,Mobile phone,31
3070,4,Camera all over good 👍😌,Mobile phone,23
3071,5,"Flipkart stop fooling the customers with your so exchange "". Earlier customers had the option to review our used phones online and flipkart will be fixing an amount according to the various tests done on our used phones online. With Flipkart s new policy even for small dents and glitches they just reject the phone. If at all you are looking for phones with spotless errors do mentioned them clearly in the exchange so many won't fall for your exchange trap If i am using a phone with spotless e...",Mobile phone,499
3072,5,"Phone is very good but camera of front is not good.,.. Performance is also good Display is average all ok phone",Mobile phone,111
3073,5,Camera is excellent at outdoor lighting but at indoor lighting it is average,Mobile phone,76
3074,3,Awesome product...,Mobile phone,18
3075,5,I really like this mobile. It has all the features.Camera is impressive. Screen large but fits in your palm. Value for money.,Mobile phone,125
3076,4,"Because of lower ppi. I.e it's having only 270 ppi. Display and camera quality is very poor. Initally for an hour I faced problem in opening play store, after updating on all apps, it got rectified.Otherwise performance and battery is too good.",Mobile phone,244
3077,5,Nice mobile for samsung. Good picture quality. Price is good. Keep this phone,Mobile phone,77
3078,1,Thanks 😊Flipkart. Very good Product. Nice camera.,Mobile phone,49
3079,3,Quick delivery & got it in best price. Thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,54
3080,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3081,5,Very nice products,Mobile phone,18
3082,5,Awesome phone in this price range 👌 😊😀😄😁☺ I am happy,Mobile phone,52
3083,3,Mobile has good but bulky,Mobile phone,25
3084,5,Very good value of money Samsung is best specially Samsung F12 is best form the A12,Mobile phone,83
3085,5,Worst delivery service But product is good,Mobile phone,42
3086,5,low price me best mobile,Mobile phone,24
3087,5,"The phone is absolutely fantastic !!!... Games like ""Call of duty"" , ""BGMI"" ,""freefire"" are running smoothly. WARNING :- Do not believe on the '1' star rated comments,by seeing those comments you will get confused.Just buy the phone without ""ANY"" tension. The phone is absolutely OUTSTANDING !!!!!!!!!!",Mobile phone,302
3088,4,Amazing,Mobile phone,7
3089,5,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
3090,5,Good 👍,Mobile phone,6
3091,5,Good camera,Mobile phone,11
3092,5,Totally waste of money .. screen is not good and the design is also bad and weight is too much heavy and the charging capacity is too low its tak 3 hours in full charging ... I suggest u all ... Don't buy this worthless mobile phone..,Mobile phone,234
3093,5,Average phone,Mobile phone,13
3094,5,Awesome😊 phone,Mobile phone,14
3095,4,Thanks,Mobile phone,6
3096,4,I like it 👍👍👍,Mobile phone,13
3097,5,Very Good quality picture and battery,Mobile phone,37
3098,3,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3099,1,Super camera good battery backup,Mobile phone,32
3100,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3101,5,It's phone has been heating problems,Mobile phone,36
3102,5,Best camera value for money I like it this product I am using 1 month,Mobile phone,69
3103,4,Genuine review... Display not good.it breaks in some apps Camera if you zoom it fully breaks you can't focus on object. Battery one day 6am to 7 pm normal use Performance it will take time to open apps. Body design is very bold and light heavier. .  Totally it is grand father and grand mother phone.,Mobile phone,300
3104,5,My wife not satisfied,Mobile phone,21
3105,4,"If we talk for 10 minutes, our ear will become red, that much heat it is giving",Mobile phone,79
3106,5,I bought this phone for my mom...and previously She had a Techno In 1 smartphone..and Techno has the worst software We have ever used...I don't choose Realme and Poco as Galaxy F12 is secured by knox ( although no Samsung Pass and secure folder but those are additional features and Having knox always means it's securing data from thefts and vulnerabilities)....Front camera optimisation is very good..Rear camera is okk..but Samsung India should optimize that too..90hz is fine...no issues with ...,Mobile phone,500
3107,4,"Phone is very good, no minus points , everythjng us good camera, battery, sound , smooth usage..overall nice budget phone with brand of samsung...must buy",Mobile phone,154
3108,3,I ordered this after it was launched.... Without any reviews about this product. And today I'm so happy that I took this phone. Its simply amazing.,Mobile phone,147
3109,3,Best of camera in smartphone,Mobile phone,28
3110,1,Average quality not best.,Mobile phone,25
3111,1,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3112,1,Awesome Mobile,Mobile phone,14
3113,5,All are good bt front camera is worst. Otherwise good,Mobile phone,53
3114,5,Very good product i am happy tq flipt,Mobile phone,37
3115,4,It's not a good mobile. Camera quality is not good Display is so poor quality. Charging is not fast Very slow charge.,Mobile phone,117
3116,5,"Using for few hours only now, but satisfied with the overall performance. The camera is good, battery life looks good too. It's a total value for money purchase.",Mobile phone,161
3117,3,"Getting very hot even in idle condition. Without using the mobile phone getting too hot. Battery got drained quickly. Not happy at all. And the worst part of Flipkart is its return policy, there is only replacement not return. Please don't buy this phone. Samsung is making fool, fed up with samsung quality.",Mobile phone,308
3118,5,"Really Nice mobile. Awesome battery backup Back camera good.. Front camera average Very smooth Game play is really good.. No heating issue. Good display... Fingers print scanner very fast.. Over all good phone  Major issue is Mobile phone weight itz 220g...really heavy.....don't recommend this phone for parents. And another disappointment is, no back case or screen guard and samsung headphones.",Mobile phone,397
3119,5,Overall good,Mobile phone,12
3120,3,Best phone at this price point,Mobile phone,30
3121,5,"Awesome back camera front camera is also good, Battery backup is awesome and all over is fantastic phone",Mobile phone,104
3122,1,Samsung galaxy f12 phone is great and displayed quality very best and battery backup full time use and very faster mobile phones value for prices,Mobile phone,145
3123,4,Better to not to buy this mobile. processor is to slow . Touch is not responding quickly . Adaptive brightness is not working . Only best is camera,Mobile phone,147
3124,1,Don't buy this product. totally waste of money. All Samsung mobile hanging.including f12.,Mobile phone,89
3125,4,Good quality 👌👏,Mobile phone,15
3126,4,Look and price is good as per features. But speaker sound is too dull. Camera is not up to the mark for Inside and low light images. Overall performance is excellent.,Mobile phone,166
3127,5,"Value for money Best Quality , Must Buy. I liked.",Mobile phone,49
3128,5,"First of all, the phone looks premium. Battery backup is very good now. Speed is good, no hanging issues as of now. Camera quality good. Fist time I am using Samsung phone. My earlier phone redmi note4 was too good. I used for 4 years without any issues. This one I found more attractive and smarter. Sound quality is very good. After all the deal was value for money. You can buy it without a doubt. Dinamoni Borah",Mobile phone,415
3129,5,Everything Is fabulous,Mobile phone,22
3130,5,It is a great value for money .,Mobile phone,31
3131,1,"Good Samsung phone with average display and average camera. But the battery is outstanding. I cannot kill the battery with even extensive using for more than one day. Overall a budget phone from a good brand, Samsung.",Mobile phone,217
3132,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3133,4,"So good quality mobile 📱 it is so good in display, camera,and battery 🔋...love it so much",Mobile phone,89
3134,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3135,5,"Overall Good Performance, as compared to price.  Battery is Good Display is Good Camera is Good Biometric is Good  I received this product 4/128 varient at only 8324/- with exchange offer & discounts. This is Good phone for Average phone User, But not for heavy Gamer..  Must Buy..",Mobile phone,281
3136,5,Very good 👍,Mobile phone,11
3137,5,Good phone at this price,Mobile phone,24
3138,5,It is absolutely good mobile at all... It is soo beautiful... It has a beautiful experience... I like this product💖💖💖,Mobile phone,117
3139,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3140,5,Awesome phone in this category. Value for money. Camera is too good.,Mobile phone,68
3141,4,Sar value of this product is 1.190 w/kg I never expected this kind of sar value from samsung like reputed brands.,Mobile phone,113
3142,5,"Worst phone by Samsung, I was using a Samsung galaxy j4+ 2Gb ram phone before and it was working better than this 4gb ram phone. Phone hangs on basic everyday apps, and heating issue as well. No wonder why Samsung loosing its base to xiomi worst purchase.",Mobile phone,255
3143,5,"Camera performance & display both are bad, then what is use of 6000 mAH battery? Just for calling 1000 mAH is sufficient. Not expected from Samsung. Flipkart refused to replace or return. Total waste of money",Mobile phone,208
3144,4,5 star product,Mobile phone,14
3145,5,I just received Mobile and it seems very Heavy in weight . I wanted to gift to my younger sister but she do not like this product as not feeling comfortable to pick and can not take a long call directly due to weight. Let me check for applications based. Will update here soon,Mobile phone,276
3146,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3147,5,Good performance better Good but camra not good👍👌👏😉😎,Mobile phone,52
3148,1,Very nice product,Mobile phone,17
3149,1,Best in all but bit heavy due to big battery,Mobile phone,44
3150,2,"One of the bad choices I have done in recent times. Screen resolution is pathetic Body thickness is way low par standard smart phone Cameras given are 4, but only worthy of 1 😉  Stay away from this model. Had to keep it as NO RETURN policy😭",Mobile phone,240
3151,5,Awesome mobile but data cable very shot,Mobile phone,39
3152,2,Cermra quality poor Phone quality very poor& phone hiting problem,Mobile phone,65
3153,5,"This phone is having some serious issue with network , I hav tried with all sim card but still some issue with network , while doing calls its getting interrupted again n again.",Mobile phone,177
3154,2,I LOVE THIS PHONE. THIS PHONE IS AMAZING,Mobile phone,40
3155,5,"Its a better phone for normal use, and don't try compare this with other Chinese phones. Its one of the best Samsung phone at this price. Have a good battery life. And now the main issue regarding this phone is ,its facing severe network reception issues.",Mobile phone,255
3156,5,"Earlier i had given 5 star but now i am reducing it to 2 star after using it for 3 months, because i am really fustrated to use this mobile, it hangs alot, sometimes vibrtor motor doesn't vibrate at all, really not expected such a low quality product from samsung, it is cheap but wr can expect still more good quality ad this price, i think it is waste of money",Mobile phone,362
3157,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3158,4,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3159,1,Good quality mobile good camera good battery,Mobile phone,44
3160,1,Very good phone and camera 📷 quality 👌,Mobile phone,38
3161,5,Highly recomanded....,Mobile phone,21
3162,3,Decent Products All features are so good .,Mobile phone,42
3163,2,Samsung Galaxy F12 is one of the best products with Filpkart offers,Mobile phone,67
3164,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3165,5,Weight: It's heavy in weight if u are holding it for too long u will start feeling uncomfortable.If u want light or slim phone don't go for this.  Look: Look wise it's not a slime phone is quite thick.  Charging and backup : It takes almost 3 hours for charging means charging is slow and lasts 8-9 hours if you are using continously a lil bit of heating issue too.  Camera : With lights on camera is nice but in dark or during night it is worse.  If u want to buy this go through this phone if s...,Mobile phone,499
3166,5,"No carrier aggregation (4g+), no inbuilt screen recorder. Also updates are pushed out which cause restarting issues and Ultima change motherboard for 6k-8k from our hard earned money.",Mobile phone,183
3167,5,Mobile hang and battery charge down display some time not working very vaaste mobile and waste of money,Mobile phone,103
3168,5,"Yeh am gonna say just go for it... But there are some cons too like wifi bandwitdh meaning network problems,u may counter other issues too but battery is super good i have already used for some 4 months n its pretty cool...",Mobile phone,223
3169,4,Little bit heavy in weight,Mobile phone,26
3170,4,"Good One For My Mom, Camera Is Average, Nice Battery Backup",Mobile phone,59
3171,5,This phone camera is very awesome,Mobile phone,33
3172,3,"Worst camera quality , selfies are dull. Worst display . I recommend all not to buy this phone because in this money you can buy a good phone.",Mobile phone,142
3173,1,Worst camera quality don't waste your money to purchase this mobile,Mobile phone,67
3174,1,Poor display quality,Mobile phone,20
3175,5,This phone is not good ovice brakibg coustmer care also notgood,Mobile phone,63
3176,4,Amazing product 👌👌,Mobile phone,18
3177,4,Camera good,Mobile phone,11
3178,4,great product 👌 value for money,Mobile phone,31
3179,1,Bad,Mobile phone,3
3180,1,product is not good and performance and camera is very bad,Mobile phone,58
3181,1,WiFi reception is very low,Mobile phone,26
3182,1,Not good product sumsung glx ..,Mobile phone,31
3183,5,Poor,Mobile phone,4
3184,4,Voice not coming properly........,Mobile phone,33
3185,5,Bogus phon,Mobile phone,10
3186,1,Below average mobile.. Not worthy..,Mobile phone,35
3187,1,Bought this phone for the display. Worst display in a samsung phone ever!,Mobile phone,73
3188,2,Worst display quality. Truly disappointed by samsung.,Mobile phone,53
3189,1,This phone is excess heavy so I suggested don't buy this phone.,Mobile phone,63
3190,1,"the phone is getting heated after using or doing multi tasking. the camera , Display are smooth af. there is only problem with heating up of phone",Mobile phone,146
3191,1,It's just average phone not happy with the quality of samsung phone need to work on display and performance and sound quality don't buy it totally wast of money,Mobile phone,160
3192,1,Its too heavy and think so I suggest if any one want to to buy this phone plz check it offline if you not found offline . I don't like this phone...,Mobile phone,148
3193,2,Very low camera,Mobile phone,15
3194,1,"Camera, & screen is so bad it's not Expected from samsung",Mobile phone,57
3195,1,F12 is no satisfaction,Mobile phone,22
3196,1,No Battery backup..pls don't buy if u r looking for Battery backup.,Mobile phone,67
3197,2,"I am disappointed by flipkart this time ,just giving Tarik pe Tarik for resolution, false promise",Mobile phone,97
3198,1,I had upgraded my redmi note 7s to samsung.But believe me guys if you are looking for good camera's phone then pls pls dont buy this.now a days samsung is creating to his customer as earlier Micromax used to do.just showing 48 mega pixel but camera qualities is below average.,Mobile phone,276
3199,1,The phone doesn't connect to a normal wifi which supports 5GHZ. It is nowhere mentioned and flipkart is not ready to replace it. Please DO NOT BUY this phone.,Mobile phone,158
3200,2,Poor camera 📷 and display screen,Mobile phone,32
3201,1,Nice mobile 😍😍,Mobile phone,14
3202,2,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3203,1,Camera is not good phone weight is too heavy,Mobile phone,44
3204,1,This product is very bad. Totely west of money this purchase mobile phone . Mobile preference is very bad .so feel like crying.,Mobile phone,127
3205,2,Best mobile in this range.... Satisfied,Mobile phone,39
3206,1,"Bad video calling front camera, voice not proper, bad experience",Mobile phone,64
3207,1,"Speaker, performance and camera is pathetic. Go for other bard phone in same category.",Mobile phone,86
3208,5,Third class camera front camera is like 2mp little bit heavy,Mobile phone,60
3209,5,Bad product no camera with sound clarity,Mobile phone,40
3210,2,Pls return mobile camera not work Present,Mobile phone,41
3211,1,Yeah go for it.,Mobile phone,15
3212,5,Disgusting camera and performance...don't purchase this..instead search for another better option in this budget range... Samsung just took advantage of its brand ...no any other things.. drastically poor quality,Mobile phone,212
3213,1,Camera is pathetic. Battery life and performance is average. One should explore for more options at this price range.,Mobile phone,117
3214,1,Camera 📷 is wrost  Totally unspected mobile Finger print sensor not properly work I suggest Don't buy this phone,Mobile phone,112
3215,1,Battery is draining faster than other 6000mah batteries.,Mobile phone,56
3216,1,Wastage of money,Mobile phone,16
3217,2,"Very bad display ,camera and size",Mobile phone,33
3218,4,Don't buy if you use 5Ghz broadband wifi as this mobile only supports 2.5ghz wifi bandwidth only. This is just a basic phone for tiktok gen users not professionals or high speed internet lover.,Mobile phone,193
3219,1,Camera is quality is not good,Mobile phone,29
3220,2,"This phone is really best for me in this range of money.. first class camara, heavy processor, 6000 mh battery,beautiful display. It's really fantastic phone.",Mobile phone,158
3221,1,Don't by this bulky phone Very poor camera,Mobile phone,42
3222,1,Performance is good but camera and display is very poor and heavy weight.not feel like samsung phone.,Mobile phone,101
3223,1,this product do not worth. it has very very poor camera quality. this is a worst product of SAMSUNG. never buy it. Samsung just cheating trusted customers. I had technician visit he also told me that this phone has poor worst camera quality. I requested refund but there is no refund. I did not received any refund and lost all my money.,Mobile phone,337
3224,2,"Don't buy this mobile, it has a display issue. samsung company and flipkart have no response about this. My mobile display got blurred within a week.",Mobile phone,149
3225,1,Wifi doesn't work. When I raised the return request it was cancelled.ekart person without visiting the place provided comment that product mismatched. I am still stuck between ekart and flipkart. Such a horrible experience.,Mobile phone,223
3226,1,Flipkart is offering good service and sending good products. I am happy with Flipkart.😊😊,Mobile phone,88
3227,5,"Awesome product , its camera quality is so good, its battery performance is also very good. it is overall very nice.👌👌👌",Mobile phone,119
3228,1,"Best mobile phone for in this price range, battery back up highest, very very nice mobile 📱",Mobile phone,91
3229,4,Overheating issue. You use for 15 mins and phone will get overheated. Very bulky you will feel like holding a brick. Battery charging will show you time of 2hours 40 mins and even after 3 to 4 hours it will be charged only 50% to 60%. Also feel like at some place touch is not working properly need to click twice. Finger print sensor also useless rating 1 star only. Poor product.,Mobile phone,381
3230,1,poorest picture quality,Mobile phone,23
3231,1,Biiiiiiiig Battery,Mobile phone,18
3232,1,Received a used product and when I'm requesting for replacement flipakart is not responding. Bad experience with flipakart. Customer care will put call on hold and disconnect after some time.,Mobile phone,191
3233,5,"Camera quality so poor .  Not as 48MP ,it's like 8MP.so improve quality samsung.",Mobile phone,80
3234,5,"This is a really bad phone. The quality of the camera is pathethic. It says 48MP but honestly the quality of the camera is not more than 4MP.  If you are looking for a phone with good camera quality, please dont but this. I have requested multiple times Flipkart to return the product, but rather than answering their call centre disconnect the phone.",Mobile phone,351
3235,5,Samsung Phone Build is good. 4/5 Camera Not good 2/5 Performance Below Average 2/5 Samsung OneUI and Security 4/5 Phone Weight Too heavy.,Mobile phone,137
3236,1,Camera quality is very bad when comparing with redmi phones. Performance is good. Worth to see it as 4GB Ram. No 5GHz wifi available. Have to live with 2.4Ghz only. UI is not impressive. Need to go for custom launcher to get rid of this ugly UI. Speaker sound is very low. Headphone effect is better. Fast charging charger is not as fast as redmi charger.,Mobile phone,355
3237,1,Front Camera quality is very bad 😭,Mobile phone,34
3238,5,All thing is good but camera is not good because no beauty pluse add,Mobile phone,68
3239,1,Front camera very bad DISPLAY IS NOT AMOLED VERY BAD QUALITY  JUST FOR A CALLING U CAN BUY THIS PHONE,Mobile phone,101
3240,1,"Dear all, Don't buy this product.. Wastage of money. Camera quality is too much poor, screen resolution also poor. More this product only give replacement not refund.. can't be exchanged with other product also. Very cheap policy. More over flipkart should looking into this matter. It's a perfect buyer harrasment.",Mobile phone,315
3241,1,1.Touch is not much fast. It's slow. 2.camera is good. 3 battery back up is good. 4.Display touch some times it not work twice or thrice have to touch. 5.charging is slow it takes 2.5 hours to full charge. 6. Once charge battery back up is very good.,Mobile phone,250
3242,3,not water resistant fragile not so good performance better options are available at same price,Mobile phone,94
3243,3,Good Mobile This Price 👌👌👌,Mobile phone,26
3244,1,1)Camera quality is very poor. 2)Poor performance 3) Hanging issue 4) Touch issue 5) Wifi is not working during calls. WASTE OF MONEY .  Refund is well needed,Mobile phone,158
3245,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3246,1,Phone weight is high,Mobile phone,20
3247,1,Plss donot buy this product Its not worthit.... plss do not get disappointed like me #HONESTREVIEWEVER,Mobile phone,102
3248,3,All ok but heavy weight.,Mobile phone,24
3249,2,Very poor quality of camera,Mobile phone,27
3250,5,"Battery backup is good, but display is very poor.",Mobile phone,49
3251,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3252,5,Not good for battery backup,Mobile phone,27
3253,4,Good battery and Camera Quality,Mobile phone,31
3254,1,Very bad quality this product camera is very bad and display Is very bad quality,Mobile phone,80
3255,3,Poor display,Mobile phone,12
3256,5,Camera was bad 👎😕,Mobile phone,17
3257,4,Nice products Samsung device,Mobile phone,28
3258,5,"I am using samsung smartphones since 2012 and this is first time samsung disappointed me. Before this I was using Samsung M20 and M20 is far better then this phone. Even M20 5000 mah battery is good and long lasting compare to this F12 6000 mah.  Camera - below average, sometimes it didn't open and take much time to save image. Too much lag in Camera.  Battery- on paper it's 6000 mah but it's not even working as 5000 mah battery, charging time 2.5 hours to 3 hours and 15w charger is a joke on...",Mobile phone,500
3259,1,Horrible product Dont fell in trap,Mobile phone,34
3260,5,Very very worst camera quality display quality is very worst cell performance is too low,Mobile phone,88
3261,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3262,2,Worst seller this product,Mobile phone,25
3263,1,Worth if you buy in 9000 in 10000 it's OK but in 11000 they fool you. Display is bad camera is OK but speaker sound is very poor if you play song in speaker it's sound like old China mobile.,Mobile phone,190
3264,5,Waste mobile in waste flipkart,Mobile phone,30
3265,1,According to this price range very well,Mobile phone,39
3266,1,Value for money..  It is a perfect mobile for gift to your parents or non heavy user family members. It's little bit heavy but with 6000 mah battery. 90hz rate IPS display is comparable to amoled screen.,Mobile phone,203
3267,1,SAR value is high,Mobile phone,17
3268,5,Camera is not that much excellent but good enough. Apart from this its superb !,Mobile phone,79
3269,1,Worst phone dont but it guys... Bad camera quality Wrost phone.....,Mobile phone,67
3270,2,TOTALLY IT'S GOOD PRODUCT BUT CAMERA QUALITY OK DISPLAY SHOULD BE FULL HD PLUS,Mobile phone,78
3271,1,Very nice product,Mobile phone,17
3272,5,Best phone at 10k,Mobile phone,17
3273,5,Nice product by samsung....🤩 F12 was simply awesome and the camera is lit🔥in this range.,Mobile phone,88
3274,5,Charging issue This mobile is full charge 8/9 hour's. Very bad,Mobile phone,62
3275,5,Nice one,Mobile phone,8
3276,1,"Really disappointed with display and front camera quality. Didn't expected that much poor display and camera from a brand like samsung, even my samsung J2 (5yr old) take far better selfie than this . the only good thing about this phone is battery backup, otherwise i feel totally waste of money.. Not at all recommended for female users...",Mobile phone,340
3277,4,"Ok for the money.Not bad.Only best thing is battery.For 2 days no tension about charging.Camera average, display average, processor average.Big draw back is charging speed.Very slow compare to other brands. Atleast 30w charger is required for this huge capacity.Best for average usage.Not good for gamers,photo enthusiastics.",Mobile phone,325
3278,5,Value for money product,Mobile phone,23
3279,5,good product awsome,Mobile phone,19
3280,5,Camera is so dull Samsung f12 is not 48mp camera It's a 5 mp camera It's cheating with me,Mobile phone,89
3281,1,"The camera in the day time is superb, but where in the low light conditions is average, and the display is good and it is value for money",Mobile phone,137
3282,5,Complete wastage of money. Display is worst. Cannot read screen due to extra whiteness. Screen movement slow. May be due to processor. Camera is worst. Samsung made fool . It's a complete waste of money.. Flipkart should arrange for replacement with better mobile with extra cost if a customer need. I am facing thermal throttling with my phone after using it for few hours with light usage. As this phone uses a powerful chipset this is not expected to happen.,Mobile phone,461
3283,2,Total waste,Mobile phone,11
3284,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3285,5,Nice...super,Mobile phone,12
3286,5,waste product,Mobile phone,13
3287,2,Very good product.,Mobile phone,18
3288,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
3289,1,Best,Mobile phone,4
3290,1,Nice Phone,Mobile phone,10
3291,4,Value for money product the camera is good and battery is excellent and it is best for daily use smartphones only you face some little problems in playing higher games but according to this price range product deserves to be in top the only problem is charger it should be more than 18w,Mobile phone,286
3292,5,Thank u flipcart.........its amazing,Mobile phone,36
3293,1,"In future I will never recommend any person to purchase any product through flipkart because its service is totally worst they did not satisfied customer through his service. If we talk about mobile then, its values for money if anyone looking low budget smartphones then you go through this mobile. it's features are good in this price range.",Mobile phone,343
3294,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3295,5,Value for money at this price,Mobile phone,29
3296,4,Nice phone. Worth buying,Mobile phone,24
3297,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3298,4,This is a very good phone in the lowest price,Mobile phone,45
3299,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3300,1,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3301,5,Nice products,Mobile phone,13
3302,4,Superb,Mobile phone,6
3303,5,I am happy with this phone. My planning on going to be patched m12 but stock is Nil on flipkart so I can patches this phone 📱🤳,Mobile phone,126
3304,4,It's a worst phone,Mobile phone,18
3305,5,Bad,Mobile phone,3
3306,5,Super Battery backup,Mobile phone,20
3307,5,Super camra and battery,Mobile phone,23
3308,4,"In this budget very good phone...the battery backup is awesome, work almost 40 hours if u r not playing game.",Mobile phone,109
3309,5,Osm phone in this prize segments specially for those who don't want to use Chinese phone,Mobile phone,88
3310,5,yeah good...suggestive product,Mobile phone,30
3311,1,Front camera of,Mobile phone,15
3312,1,Powerful battery 🔋,Mobile phone,18
3313,5,Nice very good product,Mobile phone,22
3314,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3315,4,Nice in budget,Mobile phone,14
3316,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3317,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3318,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3319,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
3320,5,"Verry bad camera quality, waste of money I want to return but flipkart doesn't provide 7 day return policy i don't know why , I'm a regular customer but I'm very disappointed after this issue",Mobile phone,191
3321,5,Avarage performance,Mobile phone,19
3322,5,"The issue is weight, but it is understandable due to 6000 mah battery. Camera is also OK. Value for money. Got this at Rs.8550.",Mobile phone,127
3323,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3324,4,Samsung present such a glorious product in this price segment.,Mobile phone,62
3325,5,Good mobile on 9499ruppes,Mobile phone,25
3326,4,Good and comfortable,Mobile phone,20
3327,1,Very very nice,Mobile phone,14
3328,3,The phone is good for this range. Not good for camera lovers.,Mobile phone,61
3329,4,Best for 9499,Mobile phone,13
3330,4,Don't buy this phone by seeing the camera's pixels this is not so good Battery is awesome Performance is low average Display is almost good,Mobile phone,139
3331,5,Camera quality upto mark... Good phone under 10K...,Mobile phone,51
3332,5,Value of money...,Mobile phone,17
3333,4,Battery Backup is Very Very Nice Camera Is ok Performance Is Good Display Ok Overall Good Purchase This Budget Paisa Vasool Thanks Flipkart,Mobile phone,139
3334,5,Best mobile at this price segment...,Mobile phone,36
3335,3,Phone is amazing.. performance is also very good... But.. charging is very slow .. 3 to 4 hours to take full charge  Otherwise phone is good under this amount ☺️,Mobile phone,161
3336,5,"Battary backup , display, working speed is too good",Mobile phone,51
3337,3,"The camera is just average, not like 48MP. Battery just for one day. EVERY day needs to charge.",Mobile phone,95
3338,5,"Good phone.front camara not greterthan expectetions.performence,display is good",Mobile phone,79
3339,3,Not a god not a bad..,Mobile phone,21
3340,4,You Can't Talk Smoothly on Loudspeaker Mood,Mobile phone,43
3341,5,Good.,Mobile phone,5
3342,4,Battery capacity is not as per advertisement,Mobile phone,44
3343,5,Waste of money,Mobile phone,14
3344,2,Suprised to see these many latest features in samsung brand in affordable price.,Mobile phone,80
3345,4,"+ ve: 1. Best Battery backup for min 2 days with full charge 2. Decent rear camera  - ve: 1. Phone lags a bit even while accessing phone dialer pad 2. Even when the phone has full signal, it doesnt receive any calls. Everytime have to restart or to use aeroplane mode on and off to resume the cal services which is very pathetic.  Expect samsung to resolve the issue in the next update.",Mobile phone,386
3346,5,Hanging,Mobile phone,7
3347,4,Nice battery backup.. Good display.. Little heavier.. Sometime hanging issue..,Mobile phone,78
3348,4,Nice product in this price range.,Mobile phone,33
3349,2,The Camera not very good and the display quality is really bad. I cann't believe that Samsung can make such poor quality display.,Mobile phone,129
3350,2,Value of money and very good features,Mobile phone,37
3351,5,Really worth of money in this segment. Good battery backup.,Mobile phone,59
3352,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
3353,1,Value for money...,Mobile phone,18
3354,4,Mobile hanging and signal problem waste mobile,Mobile phone,46
3355,4,Network problems,Mobile phone,16
3356,3,Samsung should change its name to samhung as usual samsung didn't changed and kept hi mark keep what it is famous for hang hang and hang.,Mobile phone,137
3357,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3358,5,Good Mobile,Mobile phone,11
3359,5,Sound is a little bit less.,Mobile phone,27
3360,5,Poor network,Mobile phone,12
3361,2,"This is the first time I disappointed with samsung product. The front camera is pathetic like a VGA camera. Back camera is ok. Loud speaker produce little bit sound, not audible. Screen quality is bad below hd + compare to other phone. It's a very heavy mobile.  Performance wise it's slow not able to compete with poco M3 or any other Snapdragon processor mobile. Even if it's slower then SD 432 processor. 11000 rupees is really high price for this mobile. I am writing this mobile after using f...",Mobile phone,500
3362,3,Sound is not clear while making call.After 2-3 min you will get clear sound. Don't buy it.Forget brand.Oppo is good,Mobile phone,115
3363,3,"Call voice speaker not working, flipkart team is not support at all, they are lie",Mobile phone,81
3364,4,This mobile defective mic volume and sound,Mobile phone,42
3365,4,Camera wast,Mobile phone,11
3366,4,"This is a very very slow phone and even on the first day it got hanged. Don't go for this model, increase your budget and go for the good model.",Mobile phone,144
3367,1,Worth for money performance is good.,Mobile phone,36
3368,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3369,1,If you want to go with Samsung in budget price then this phone is yours.,Mobile phone,72
3370,1,Best Mobile Phone 📱 Superb Quality 👍...,Mobile phone,39
3371,1,Nice product and it's too features at this price,Mobile phone,48
3372,2,"Initially, I was not reviewing the phone but I thought I must give my opinion. The phone is good but not the perfect one. But, It can be chosen in this price range. 1. Finger sensor given on the edge becomes a difficult task to unlock the phone when it is covered by silicon cover. 2. 48 mega pixels are just to say, actually it doesn't perform as per 48MP.",Mobile phone,357
3373,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
3374,5,Finger print scanner should be in the phone. With 48 megapixel camera no night mode is available and quality of photos are not as expected. Overall its an average phone.,Mobile phone,169
3375,5,Value for money phone,Mobile phone,21
3376,4,Battery performance is best,Mobile phone,27
3377,5,I love this product very nice in the range of 9k in sale on flipkart,Mobile phone,68
3378,4,Good product and and value for money,Mobile phone,36
3379,3,Excellent product,Mobile phone,17
3380,4,"Good product. Battery is good. My only doubt is that about the main camera ,is it 48 or 4.8 megapixel?",Mobile phone,102
3381,3,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3382,5,For this price better phones are available,Mobile phone,42
3383,5,Simply nice. And price is not so high. Overall good Mobile in this ranger of price. Best price 1100.,Mobile phone,100
3384,4,Price is good for the phone,Mobile phone,27
3385,5,Please don't take this Cell Phone the quality of Device is really so bad. U get charging problem and when u vigit the service center then they ask to change the motherboard,Mobile phone,172
3386,5,Nice phone. I gifted it to my father.,Mobile phone,37
3387,4,Amazing yrrrrr❤❤,Mobile phone,16
3388,5,Excellent performance,Mobile phone,21
3389,3,Good product .,Mobile phone,14
3390,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3391,4,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3392,1,Nice phone in 9300 rupees with 4gb 128gb configuration,Mobile phone,54
3393,4,"The seal of the phone box was open and the screen was a bit dusty, but rest is good.",Mobile phone,84
3394,5,Good product. Value for money.,Mobile phone,30
3395,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3396,5,Phone gets heated up while charging and continuous use,Mobile phone,54
3397,4,Bad camera quality,Mobile phone,18
3398,5,Battery excellent camera nice,Mobile phone,29
3399,4,"Good product, descent performance, not bad at all,too much heating problem",Mobile phone,74
3400,4,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3401,5,"It's doesn't have 5Ghz Wifi... Wifi only shows 2.5Ghz network bands... Good phone for old age people, but not for younger generations.",Mobile phone,134
3402,5,Internet Problems,Mobile phone,17
3403,1,"You will not be the owner of this mobile. Samsung will be the owner. It will install all kind of applications without your permission from Galaxy store. You will get a hard time to update simple apps from Google Play Store like chrome, android system web view. Its better to choose a stock android mobile than any Samsung these days. The One UI is full of bloatware.",Mobile phone,366
3404,2,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3405,3,Delivery is too fast fully satisfy .,Mobile phone,36
3406,4,It's better,Mobile phone,11
3407,4,"Worth for money, when you buy at 10K",Mobile phone,36
3408,3,Good phone value for money. Especially for Senior Citizens I strongly recommend.,Mobile phone,80
3409,4,Awesome mobile in these price i love it thanks flipkart for bring cb,Mobile phone,68
3410,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
3411,5,Nice one,Mobile phone,8
3412,4,Everything is good about the phone except the fingerprints sensor which is located on the lock button on the side of phone instead of backside as in earlier versions which makes problems of accessibility.,Mobile phone,204
3413,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
3414,5,All are good battery performance is exelent camera also super and phone is fast and weight is some heavy but not more weight and phone is thick,Mobile phone,143
3415,4,Display is of very cheap quality. Camera doesn't give good output. Battery backup is good. Overall value for money is good.,Mobile phone,123
3416,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3417,5,"It's a good phone for basic use with a long lasting battery and huge display. Though thicker it is not heavy. Don't expect greater picture quality, however not bad at this range.",Mobile phone,178
3418,5,Samsung f12 mobile is really all people favorite choices....,Mobile phone,60
3419,4,Super quality,Mobile phone,13
3420,5,Good value of money,Mobile phone,19
3421,5,Best cheapest phone with best battery back-up Samsung always good performance ONE THING IS MOBILE WEGHT VERY MUCH AND ITS FAT MOBILE ALSO,Mobile phone,137
3422,4,Superb,Mobile phone,6
3423,4,"Rear camera is not up to the mark, Mobile is little weight, difficult to handle it and usage also. Headphones are not available in the box is disappointing one  Selfie camera is pretty good. Display is up to the mark. Value for money Battery backup is really good for using for long times. Processor is also nice.",Mobile phone,313
3424,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3425,5,Battery backup not good.. Camera quality decent not great for 48MP..,Mobile phone,68
3426,5,Phone is good in this price range but wired headphones are not connected with it ...I don't know this problem is only with me or anyone else,Mobile phone,140
3427,5,patthetik product hit problem and hanging problm,Mobile phone,48
3428,5,It's nice product with value for money....,Mobile phone,42
3429,5,"Value for money... * performance is average * battery is awesome * camera is not good  This mbl is not for camera user, this is for the one use midrange apps and one who wants long battery .",Mobile phone,190
3430,3,"Camera not good, battery is also not good, 4gb RAM but mobile hanging, major issue is sometimes screen touch not working properly, totally disappointed with this phone",Mobile phone,167
3431,5,Nice phone.also proud to be buy korean company phone instead a chinees company phone.  Avaoid chinees company,Mobile phone,109
3432,2,Very impressed with Samsung's work in the budget range. Surely planning for a mid range Samsung smartphone in future..,Mobile phone,118
3433,4,Was ok,Mobile phone,6
3434,1,Very bed done hang and bed body,Mobile phone,31
3435,4,This Price excellent Camera average Total performance 3.5/5,Mobile phone,59
3436,3,Awesome smartphone... Best smartphone under 10k Working smoothly...,Mobile phone,67
3437,2,Good sond and display quality,Mobile phone,29
3438,4,best phone under this budgest for samsung lovers only battery good camera good sound excellent performance ok for this budget,Mobile phone,125
3439,5,Amazing buy now...,Mobile phone,18
3440,3,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
3441,2,SAMSUNG GALAXY F 12 we loved it so much Nice👍Almost ok but the phone charger was very shot It had not lenghty wire & also little soundless That's ok any way we love our product👌,Mobile phone,177
3442,4,Excellent battery decent Camera performance only 1 issue not charging notification indicator light,Mobile phone,98
3443,5,It is a very good phone Display quality is superb Long lasting battery Camera performence is good and fully value for money,Mobile phone,123
3444,4,Really nice 🙂,Mobile phone,13
3445,5,"All ok , camera not upto the mark as said. But considering prices its above average and value for money.",Mobile phone,104
3446,4,It is very nice product . Value of money .,Mobile phone,42
3447,5,Best phone of some prices Better camera and display,Mobile phone,51
3448,4,Best mobile of his rang,Mobile phone,23
3449,5,hang problem,Mobile phone,12
3450,5,Good service and good quality products 👌,Mobile phone,40
3451,5,Nice product😍😍😍,Mobile phone,15
3452,3,Awesome Mobile But Very width,Mobile phone,29
3453,5,Mobile phone good God price battery backup full good camera good,Mobile phone,64
3454,5,It is a best android phone in this price range. The quality of camera is excellent. I am happy for this product.,Mobile phone,112
3455,4,"Very good battery backup, but camera quality is very poor, over all phone is good",Mobile phone,81
3456,2,"Awesome Phone,value for money, smooth UI,good battery...",Mobile phone,56
3457,5,"All the things are good but samsung only showing 3 main features ,not that how much whatt charging , also display resolution is 720p and many more.",Mobile phone,147
3458,5,"I am writing this review after using 2 weeks. Phone has speaker problem, when speaker is on voice is too low. Never expected this kind low quality phone from Samsung.",Mobile phone,166
3459,4,6gb not dilver 4gb 128gb,Mobile phone,24
3460,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3461,5,I have purchase first time but mobile is not good display problem motherboard is not working,Mobile phone,92
3462,3,The phone is good given the price range . But somehow i found that it only supports 2Ghz wifi frequency . And it dsnt show 5Ghz frequency. If someone can please tell if its in all phones or thats just a problem in my phone?.,Mobile phone,224
3463,5,Nice phone within moderate budget.Delivered before time.,Mobile phone,56
3464,5,Initially I was confused but later I find it it has worth every penny buying this great deal than you Samsung& flip cart.,Mobile phone,121
3465,1,Amazing...phone,Mobile phone,15
3466,4,If you are typical samsung mobile user and want big battery and more internal space under 12000 rs... Then definitely this phone is for you...,Mobile phone,142
3467,3,Battery backup is very good Display is not as other smart phone in this range Camera is above average Processor is very good,Mobile phone,124
3468,1,Superb Smartphone Battery Life Really Nice And Camera Is good totally Value for money.,Mobile phone,86
3469,4,F12 is the most valued smartphone. The prime features are 6000 battery which is long lasting. This phone's performance is excellent. Storage capacity is great. Overall great experience and great buy.,Mobile phone,199
3470,5,"Fine looks, awesome camera and battery back up is VERY good. Genuine price",Mobile phone,74
3471,5,This phone is good,Mobile phone,18
3472,5,WOW Thanks another Samsung,Mobile phone,26
3473,3,Over weighted.. good battery performance,Mobile phone,40
3474,3,Not receiving headset in the box,Mobile phone,32
3475,5,Frequently freezing,Mobile phone,19
3476,5,"worst product, camara clairity too poor, dont buy anybody",Mobile phone,57
3477,5,It's very bad mobile.,Mobile phone,21
3478,5,Sensor r not working.,Mobile phone,21
3479,5,It's a great phone in this price segment. Liked too much.,Mobile phone,57
3480,4,"Battery charging time is very long (no fast charging). Camera average. Battery backup is 1 day,",Mobile phone,95
3481,2,Nice product.value for money,Mobile phone,28
3482,1,"Heavy phone, not much performance what you expect with basic phone",Mobile phone,66
3483,1,Pretty and battery backup is fab. There is hitting problems when try to gaming.,Mobile phone,79
3484,2,"Worst camera only in name 48 mpixl but zero pixl camera Battery is good, display is average, I suggest wast of money",Mobile phone,116
3485,2,Camera not good like 8mp . Overall average phone.,Mobile phone,49
3486,5,"Do not buy it, poor camera quality",Mobile phone,34
3487,1,Look is so beautiful Battery is very powerful Camera quality is very nice,Mobile phone,73
3488,5,Samsung Galaxy f12 mind blowing performance nice battery wake up and very fast delivery,Mobile phone,87
3489,1,"Nice product, worthy price and good performance",Mobile phone,47
3490,4,Screen quality too low,Mobile phone,22
3491,1,Worst Cam Quality. Completely contrary to the specification mentioned. Will not get refund also. Dont buy.,Mobile phone,106
3492,2,Very Bulky phone,Mobile phone,16
3493,1,Very very very very very super 👍👍👍👍cute and I like it very much,Mobile phone,63
3494,5,Dont buy  Battery - 5/5 camera- 4/5 diplay - 2/5 fingerprint -3/5 face- 3/5 performance- 2.5/5 value for money- 3/5,Mobile phone,115
3495,5,"Worst camera provided by Samsung, four lens of no use. These are like dummy, just to attract people from away just by display. Very bad camera ai used, looks like VGA. Other drawback, it’s too heavy to carry. Giving 1/5 as Flipkart doesn’t have refund policy for this bad phone.",Mobile phone,278
3496,4,Camera needs more stable compared to 48mp . Still we need camera stability update,Mobile phone,81
3497,1,Camera very bad.donot buy,Mobile phone,25
3498,1,"Dear Buyer's I suggest you, please don't purchase this smartphone totally wasted money 😑 camera of this smartphone is like a vga camera",Mobile phone,135
3499,2,Ok good,Mobile phone,7
3500,5,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
3501,2,Product is good.,Mobile phone,16
3502,1,"Camera is very very bad. Battery is also bad, though it is 6000. Optimization system is not good. No compass is available. Low graded phone. Both F12 & M12 are same. Both have bad features.",Mobile phone,189
3503,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3504,2,Very bed product made by Samsung,Mobile phone,32
3505,1,Worst battery backup ...battery is draining like hell not satisfactory,Mobile phone,70
3506,3,Worst phone in this price segment....Very Poor Front and Rear camera....Cheap Build quality.....Very Bad capturing experience..Photos are looking like that it has been captured from a local non branded Phone....Bought the phone in exchange and now I am dealing cheated....Avoid buyin g this phone...1 Star for Android and 6000 MAh Battery,Mobile phone,338
3507,5,Phone display Hang problem And no show call only ringing. Bad phone,Mobile phone,67
3508,4,Excellent performance,Mobile phone,21
3509,2,Actually the photos clicked by it was good....but the phone is a big bulky and looks a bit thick.....the display quality is not that of samsung.....it looks similar to the motorala mobiles....The phone is just ok for gaming as it does not have a great processor the processor is similar to Snapdragon 625.....there's a bit of lag when I play pubg.....the 90hz display must help u in gaming but the processor sucks.....bit of a heating problem.....the great thing about the phone is its camera qual...,Mobile phone,500
3510,4,Price drop of Rs 1000.00 after my purchase. Best value for money. 4GB RAM 128GB ROM xlnt performance. Budget phone.,Mobile phone,115
3511,3,Good Device from samsung company,Mobile phone,32
3512,1,Good phone for the price tag. Slightly disappointed with the quality of back cover and data cable length (too short).  Got the 128Gb model with Flipkart protection for 1year at 10500/-. Thanks to flipkart for ontime delivery!,Mobile phone,225
3513,1,Worth mobile,Mobile phone,12
3514,1,"Not recommended! Pros 1. Big battery. 2. Moderate display. 3. Front camera.  Cons 1. Bulky and heavy. 2. Worst Back camera. 3. Didn't support wifi 5Ghz. 4. Didn't support 4G+ network. Only support 2G, 3G & 4G network. 5. Slow charging. I am very disapoint. Waste my mony. Realme, Oppo, Redmi, Poco will better choice.",Mobile phone,317
3515,5,Good camera,Mobile phone,11
3516,4,"Hi Once completed the payment, there is bargaining on replacement product price, that too looking very close to finding the fault, further we have paid 500 rs extra, apart from 3300 for old Mobile on exchange values. which is unhappy. even though there is no much defect on Old Mobile Product.",Mobile phone,293
3517,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3518,4,Phone is bulky also front camera is worst.  Nit even guven tempered glass with mobile. Almost all companies are given the same.   So before order orser temper glass as well because tuff to have tempred in lockdown.  Also without temper glass riak of breakage.,Mobile phone,259
3519,4,OK,Mobile phone,2
3520,5,Wrost mobile phone in samsung brand,Mobile phone,35
3521,2,Camera bad quality as compared to 48 pix heavy weight please don't buy this product. Performance low,Mobile phone,100
3522,5,It is perfect in this range of price.,Mobile phone,37
3523,1,"Writing this review after using for 50 days. Speaker grill damage, sound is breaking. Samsung is now degarding its image as i've been coming across many cases of samsung phone where issues are been observed within 6 months. People suggested me to not buy a samsung phone but i had that trust factor but they betrayed. Hope Samsung maintains its quality and trust in People mind because word of mouth marketing has huge impact on brands",Mobile phone,435
3524,5,Display Quality is little dull type because it is not a full HD display Smartphone it's a HD . When you watching Movies or Shows You Observe the Quality of screen.And Other Features are awesome. Because of display Quality photos look like dull that we think camera is not good but actually CAMERA IS BEST,Mobile phone,304
3525,1,I thought Samsung's camera quality would be very good but it is very poor. I have done a lot of stupidity by taking this mobile. It would have been better if I had taken another mobile better than this. I didn't expect this from Samsung,Mobile phone,236
3526,5,Its an average phone at best price,Mobile phone,34
3527,2,Perfect mobile under budget,Mobile phone,27
3528,1,Don't waste your money on this.Everything s***s in this phone.if you press on call it will take 50 sec to start call if display of page is large display breaks slow performance lots of bugs in tge software no value for money.Avoid this phone,Mobile phone,241
3529,4,good,Mobile phone,4
3530,2,Phone is too weight. Camera is very worst.,Mobile phone,42
3531,5,Always phone is hanging.. I don't save any files in my phone also,Mobile phone,65
3532,5,"Worst purchase ever. The voice breaks evry other second. We cannot complete any conversation without reconnecting 3-4 times. Tried with 3 different service provider sim, and the same sim tried on different phone to compare. It proved its the phone fault. Its a complete waste of money",Mobile phone,284
3533,5,"one of biggest worst phone ever in my life, bad camera, bad picture quality, hanging problem and within a month of buying the phone is dead, so friends, do not buy this phone at all.such a bad phone that i don't have words to call it lousy.",Mobile phone,240
3534,5,"Mind blowing Really happy with the product. Camera quality is awesome. Battery backup is also good. Overall, I am happy with the product.",Mobile phone,137
3535,1,Nice fone,Mobile phone,9
3536,5,"I am regular user of Samsung mobile instead other Chinese mobiles. Nice phone in this price segment. Its been more than 2 month buying this phone and didn't find any error. Runs smoothly! If you are planning to buy this Go for it. If you can spend a few more penny, I would suggest Samsung F22 which is newly launched :).",Mobile phone,321
3537,2,camera performance is good and battery is best 5/5,Mobile phone,50
3538,2,Waste of money,Mobile phone,14
3539,1,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
3540,1,"Speaker sound is not good Tons of pre-installed apps Only useless apps Worst software optimization & ram management I have seen in any samsung mobile Heavy ram usage by system itself 4gb ram variant is left with only 1.4 gb free ram , when the mobile is first setup  Just copied Chinese manufacturers A global leader with these nonsense",Mobile phone,336
3541,5,"Pros: 1. Good battery backup 2. UI is very good 3. Samsung knox security 4. Display is ok Cons: 1. Camera performance is just above par in suficient light, but too much noise in low light shots 2. Little bit of delay in app opening 3. Be clear, it is *NOT FOR GAMING*  Overall one of the best for normal users under 10k",Mobile phone,319
3542,5,Value for money 💰 it's camera is best battery life is awesome,Mobile phone,61
3543,5,Don't buy this phone as The display is below average quality as it lacks color n clarity. The night video shooting is terrible n d zooming option too is bad The overall performance is average.the refresh rate whether it's 60 or 90 hz is worst.,Mobile phone,243
3544,3,90Hz experienced as smooth as cream,Mobile phone,35
3545,1,"I feel below issues after 1 day use 1. Very bad camera quality 2. Heating problem 3. Dual band wifi is not working or not available in this device 4. Hanging problem, no smooth scrolling or stuck in between use  Very bad product samsung making  You will get lots of other good phones in this price range. Think twice before buying this one.",Mobile phone,340
3546,5,Gyro is not available I was really upsad for this mobile phone and also flipkart systems,Mobile phone,88
3547,1,"Bought this for my mami!!! She is so happy with its looks and design. Performance & battery is out of the world, specially battery. Can't expect camera of DSLR in this price range, though sufficient for daily use.",Mobile phone,213
3548,4,"I bought Galaxy F12 for Rs.7,400. So it is value for money. It was delivered in excellent condition in this lockdown condition. The customer care is also very good. Thank you Flipkart.",Mobile phone,184
3549,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3550,2,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3551,5,Camera quality is poor,Mobile phone,22
3552,1,Camera is 48MP but doesn't have that quality of picture...rest of the things are good..overall 4 star.,Mobile phone,102
3553,2,"Good product by Samsung, F12 and M12 both are same the difference is f12 is for Flipkart were as M12 is for Amazon. The mobile is good camera is good. You can buy it, value for money by Samsung.",Mobile phone,194
3554,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3555,5,It was very nice with this price,Mobile phone,32
3556,5,Nice phone. . HiFi battery performance. Camara is good ..only fingerprint sensor little modify ..GD storage capacity,Mobile phone,116
3557,5,Superb battery 🔋camera 📷and performance 👌,Mobile phone,41
3558,3,"Good - got it for 9999,Wonderful product. Power packed. Very handy. Easy to operate. Value for mon ey. Excellent phone. Video shooting is fully HD, unbeatable.... Battery back up is simple excellent....",Mobile phone,202
3559,4,Good but not the best. Okay for day to day average use,Mobile phone,54
3560,5,I am not satisfy tihs phone..not a speed net and in case u speek call net is not worked..front camera weast.. full charging phone take 3 hours above...finally u buy a phone choose any other brand in same money..,Mobile phone,211
3561,5,"Very very worst display,my old phone oppo f5youth is best I bought it 3yrs ago still now Very good performance, but Samsung f12 Very Very worst waste of money high weight to Handel the phone, if use the phone Very irritating, worst performance in Samsung 1st time ,if witching in youtube1080p quality is compare to 240p glarity."" IN SINGLE WORD WASTE """,Mobile phone,352
3562,4,Good product.... But it's a little heavy and thick,Mobile phone,50
3563,5,VERY GOOD,Mobile phone,9
3564,5,Some damage scratch in coner side,Mobile phone,33
3565,4,Cool,Mobile phone,4
3566,3,waste of money... dont buy this product.. very slow phone.. and its too heavy.. only battery is ok,Mobile phone,98
3567,3,Top mobile,Mobile phone,10
3568,1,Average perfoance,Mobile phone,17
3569,3,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
3570,5,"Value for money, best battery backup, camera need to improvement some feature are not available like slow motion, hyperlapse.. Performance is decent(pubg playable 32-37fps gaming)",Mobile phone,179
3571,1,Value for money.. 1.Litter bit heavy 2. Good screen size 3. Battery backup great.. 4. Fast charging,Mobile phone,99
3572,5,Osm,Mobile phone,3
3573,1,Very fast delivery boy..,Mobile phone,24
3574,5,Good phone in this range,Mobile phone,24
3575,3,Camera is not good. Little weight. Heavy heat while charging,Mobile phone,60
3576,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3577,5,Camera is not good and mobile hangs,Mobile phone,35
3578,4,Very very bad camera,Mobile phone,20
3579,5,Good product this range,Mobile phone,23
3580,5,12500 what you expect in this price range. This phone more than expected.,Mobile phone,73
3581,5,As per expectation,Mobile phone,18
3582,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
3583,5,Superb phone,Mobile phone,12
3584,2,"Awesome phone, I like it.",Mobile phone,25
3585,1,Samsung is always good 👍,Mobile phone,24
3586,5,It's good product but slow sometimes. Camera is good and battery backup is awsome,Mobile phone,81
3587,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3588,3,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3589,4,Decent phone,Mobile phone,12
3590,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
3591,5,Very good......,Mobile phone,15
3592,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
3593,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
3594,5,good product,Mobile phone,12
3595,5,Good mobile nd battery back up 1.5 days camera osm Thanq uhh flipkart 😍,Mobile phone,71
3596,5,Dont buy ..,Mobile phone,11
3597,5,Don't buy this phone redmi is better than this one in all aspects. Weight is too much phone is too heavy to handle useless device.,Mobile phone,130
3598,5,Most looking phone,Mobile phone,18
3599,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
3600,5,"No geo magnetic sensor, so bit disappointed. Battery backup is good. Performance and display is also ok.",Mobile phone,104
3601,4,Not worth for money,Mobile phone,19
3602,5,Camera was unable to Focus on images 64 MP camera clicked photos like 2 MP... Also had hanging issues...,Mobile phone,104
3603,2,Touch pad,Mobile phone,9
3604,1,Good PHONE no problem but havey weight,Mobile phone,38
3605,4,Nice camera and bettri phone,Mobile phone,28
3606,4,Very Good Product,Mobile phone,17
3607,3,It is nice but where is my headset,Mobile phone,34
3608,3,Osm phone,Mobile phone,9
3609,1,"So poor processing, dull working, so muck poor performance...and so on...",Mobile phone,73
3610,4,Good at this price range,Mobile phone,24
3611,5,Just good to do normal work,Mobile phone,27
3612,5,"Heavy in weight , touch is not that good",Mobile phone,40
3613,5,Camera not working properly,Mobile phone,27
3614,3,Suppeb qwality,Mobile phone,14
3615,5,Osm mobaile phone this value,Mobile phone,28
3616,1,Good product.. Thanks filipkart...,Mobile phone,34
3617,4,Good practice in this price,Mobile phone,27
3618,4,"Nic , super I gave gift to my husband for anniversary ,he said mobile process and mobile version is also good and it works softy nice 🙂",Mobile phone,135
3619,1,Awesome phone,Mobile phone,13
3620,1,Phone is lagging while using multiple applications. Camera is ok to use. Battery is the best part.,Mobile phone,98
3621,5,Nice view,Mobile phone,9
3622,5,Best of best,Mobile phone,12
3623,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3624,5,Go for it...good stuff ♥️♥️♥️,Mobile phone,29
3625,5,Very good camera,Mobile phone,16
3626,5,Good product but very heavy,Mobile phone,27
3627,3,Selfie Camera is Not Good but Nice phone 📱,Mobile phone,42
3628,4,Very good Samsung galaxy F12 ❤️👍👌👌👌👌,Mobile phone,36
3629,5,Front camera picture not good.,Mobile phone,30
3630,3,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3631,5,Excellent product. Good for my kid's study,Mobile phone,42
3632,5,Nice phone battery and camera quality is excellent.,Mobile phone,51
3633,4,A good product,Mobile phone,14
3634,5,Very good phone in budget for rough and tough use. This is my 3rd phone this year and hope it would last longer than two before.,Mobile phone,128
3635,5,Nice phone for parents use,Mobile phone,26
3636,2,This mobile overall good👍,Mobile phone,25
3637,5,value for money if u get under 10000...I'm confused about its aproximity sensor bcz its aproximity sensor is not like any other phone,Mobile phone,133
3638,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3639,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3640,5,Good product at good price,Mobile phone,26
3641,5,Rear camera not upto mark and front camera also. Battery less back up. Processer is good. Display is good.,Mobile phone,106
3642,5,A good budget phone under this price range but some features we should get better,Mobile phone,81
3643,5,Camera quality is good not so great. I bought this phone for my dad.,Mobile phone,68
3644,4,Best price,Mobile phone,10
3645,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3646,5,So beautiful product.Thank u.flipkart.,Mobile phone,38
3647,4,Not good,Mobile phone,8
3648,3,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3649,4,Very nice 🙂,Mobile phone,11
3650,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3651,5,64GB product at 32 GB price in premium brands,Mobile phone,45
3652,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3653,5,Khub vlo..,Mobile phone,10
3654,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
3655,5,Better phn in better prize Display are normal average bt little bit heavy in weight,Mobile phone,83
3656,5,I'm loving it,Mobile phone,13
3657,4,Hanging many times,Mobile phone,18
3658,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3659,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3660,5,Good one from Samsung. Good camera & performance. Best in this range,Mobile phone,68
3661,5,In purchase box headset is no more.,Mobile phone,35
3662,4,Very nice phone,Mobile phone,15
3663,5,in 8999 this is good one.,Mobile phone,25
3664,3,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3665,4,Good decent phone.... At budget...,Mobile phone,34
3666,4,"Well its an awesome phone, the battery life is just amazing,its got an awesome display as well as performance,the camera quality is good enough. It is a great product at this price",Mobile phone,180
3667,5,"Best camera in this price range 😍😍😘😘  Display is decent and battery backup also good.  Buy this if you don't play PUBG etc. For simple day to day use & good camera in budget phone , go for this without any 2nd thought...  Flipkart delivery was also good..",Mobile phone,255
3668,1,"I bought it for a family member, quite not happy with the product , it supports dual sim and all but the camera quality is not appropriate honestly , battery back is good though , but isn’t it obvious as it is an MI device.",Mobile phone,223
3669,5,The colour is deluxe... The performance is great for official work and heavy user... I doesn't play games so I can not rate about it... All is very good for students and others in low budget... SDM439 is great... I just loved it.,Mobile phone,229
3670,4,"I brought it for my mother, she is not a very heavy user however this is a good phone at this price range! She is happy with the display and battery backup. I was expecting better with respect to camera quality, but you get what you pay. Happy streaming for my mother. Not for heavy games. Also please don't count this phone in if you are expecting good camera quality.",Mobile phone,369
3671,5,"This phone is value for money. Low budget phone so dont expect too much but is a very good phone. Process application smoothly, battery life which is becoming imo these days as phone design are the same battery and camera is the only things tht can be improved. Battery lasts long in full brightness too. Camera is decent, not an iphone camera, but still does the job done. Good light abd exposure will help",Mobile phone,407
3672,5,battery is good camera is average display is good taking about the processer processer is good for plying 2d game calling youtube facebook whatsapp also given type c charger is also a good point so overally all things are good this phone is lunch 1 year before bt still i am order it after 1 yesr beacuse it is the best phone under 8300 no other phone can replace it,Mobile phone,366
3673,5,"Really amazing Phone in this price range.. with superb battery backup, enough internal memory and fast charging also.. And predelivered flipcart Services..... Overall good experience..👌👌👌",Mobile phone,187
3674,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3675,3,It was awesome experience Delivery agent was good...!,Mobile phone,53
3676,5,Nice product!! Paisa wasul,Mobile phone,26
3677,5,Osm mobile phone for this price Rs.,Mobile phone,35
3678,4,Good mobile for budget people but not for Gamers.,Mobile phone,49
3679,5,Nice mobile good processing system and good price,Mobile phone,49
3680,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3681,5,Best,Mobile phone,4
3682,5,Camera quality is poor Battery is good Speed is good 3GB ram and 64GB Internal Best for gaming also,Mobile phone,99
3683,4,That's good,Mobile phone,11
3684,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3685,4,Big thanks,Mobile phone,10
3686,5,good,Mobile phone,4
3687,5,Awesome Mobile,Mobile phone,14
3688,3,Osm good value for money,Mobile phone,24
3689,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3690,5,Camar is not good.,Mobile phone,18
3691,4,Awesome phone🤘..good purchase....camera quality is also so much good...app running is also good... satisfied with this product 🤩🤩,Mobile phone,129
3692,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3693,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3694,5,Worth for money,Mobile phone,15
3695,4,Awesome mobile phone,Mobile phone,20
3696,4,Good look value for money Good paking,Mobile phone,37
3697,3,Phone battery not charging..due to adapter problem. Do needful action.,Mobile phone,70
3698,5,Functions are so good but phone is so heavy and it slip from hand easily so this is the drawback Mi said that it the aura grip design so that a grip forms between phone and hand but it's not true .,Mobile phone,197
3699,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3700,4,good product...its amazing,Mobile phone,26
3701,4,Good phone at this price. Promotion delivery. I got the phone just one day prior to lock down. Thank you Flipkart,Mobile phone,113
3702,5,"Its not bad, camera is just fine, it looks good and performance is also quite good, not Completely satisfied tho",Mobile phone,112
3703,5,Satisfied,Mobile phone,9
3704,3,Super,Mobile phone,5
3705,3,Decent product in this price range. Looks beautiful and elegant. Performance is clipped to be alright for everyday use.,Mobile phone,119
3706,5,"The device started restarting the second day. It was stuck on miui screen and kept on restarting without switching on. Phone was manufactured a year back almost. The box was dirty and damaged. The battery on first boot up was lower than 8%. It's not a bad phone, my brother is using one for almost a year but this unit I got was damaged. Thankfully, flipkart support was great and approved the return and refunded my money back. I'm not very happy with the seller though",Mobile phone,470
3707,4,It is a good mobile phone and protrait mode is a best camera,Mobile phone,60
3708,5,Good look,Mobile phone,9
3709,4,Satisfactory,Mobile phone,12
3710,4,Very nice phone,Mobile phone,15
3711,5,Not Awesone-Not Bad=Good phone,Mobile phone,30
3712,5,Mobile good.... And handy... Light weight..  Actually mobile seal opened.. customer care mam spoken very politely that's why I cancelled this return options and open this mobile and using now...  Mobile too good... Freefire and pubg awesome ... Battery ertra ordinary standby......  Thanks for flipkart and thats particular mam...💐💐💐🥰👍,Mobile phone,335
3713,1,Super mobile,Mobile phone,12
3714,4,Good?,Mobile phone,5
3715,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3716,4,In this price product was very satisfying. GO For it. After discouting 8450.,Mobile phone,76
3717,5,Value for money😍,Mobile phone,16
3718,4,Mobile is good but camera is not good,Mobile phone,37
3719,5,Thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,15
3720,5,Best smartphone in this budget,Mobile phone,30
3721,5,Good product in this price range👌,Mobile phone,33
3722,5,Good product☺ I'm happy,Mobile phone,23
3723,5,"Awesome This Phone . Nyc Camera, Nyc Battery Backup.",Mobile phone,52
3724,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3725,4,Best mobail superb,Mobile phone,18
3726,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3727,5,Good phone at best price I recommend it to u all,Mobile phone,48
3728,3,excellent mobile but camera ok,Mobile phone,30
3729,4,super battery backup i love this phone,Mobile phone,38
3730,4,It is nice phone and it's performance is good and battery life is of 2 days,Mobile phone,75
3731,3,No phone cover or accessories are provided with it . The quality of charger is also not so good.,Mobile phone,96
3732,5,It's a Great purchase... Battery life Hard Hai Bhai🔥❤️,Mobile phone,54
3733,4,"After use of 3 days my review camera is not good, coming to battery performance is well and good",Mobile phone,96
3734,4,Awesome phone this price,Mobile phone,24
3735,4,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
3736,5,Great shopping centre,Mobile phone,21
3737,4,"Everything is good, but camra is not superb.",Mobile phone,44
3738,3,Poor quality mobile but prices high Flipkart can't return this product Camera quality very poor,Mobile phone,95
3739,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3740,4,Awsome,Mobile phone,6
3741,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3742,3,Battery is very powerfull,Mobile phone,25
3743,5,product is not good & response is very low. Disappointed,Mobile phone,56
3744,4,Good camera,Mobile phone,11
3745,1,Average product,Mobile phone,15
3746,5,I don't recommend this phone to any one the brigtness is too low during daylight the camera is poor and the phone lags this is the biggest mistake i did that I shopped from flipkart i paid 500 extra to get a color of my choice this phone was actually a gift to my dad however the brightness is too low and myself was struggling with the display.... flipkart has lost it standard worst experience ever with the associates I will think 100 time before I open open flipkart app. The return polic...,Mobile phone,495
3747,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3748,5,"Nice product, i liked it",Mobile phone,24
3749,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
3750,1,Camara quality very poor... Camara akdom kharab...,Mobile phone,50
3751,5,Nice product & you can also click better pictures,Mobile phone,49
3752,2,I am happy. Thnx mi,Mobile phone,19
3753,1,Good👍,Mobile phone,5
3754,5,Creative picture Ritik verma ji,Mobile phone,31
3755,3,Nice & Average,Mobile phone,14
3756,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3757,1,awesome product 👍😍😇👌,Mobile phone,20
3758,5,Nice phone but want finger print sensor,Mobile phone,39
3759,5,Good One,Mobile phone,8
3760,5,You have the very very good camera good camera good camera camera,Mobile phone,65
3761,5,"This is best smartphone under 10,000. It's bettery is awesome",Mobile phone,61
3762,4,AWESOME,Mobile phone,7
3763,5,This product is not good.. bcoz the mobile was hanging and work was very slowly..plz don't take,Mobile phone,95
3764,5,I am not like,Mobile phone,13
3765,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3766,4,Good quality,Mobile phone,12
3767,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3768,5,Nice product but to much costly,Mobile phone,31
3769,5,Awesome phone in this budget 😍,Mobile phone,30
3770,1,Got product .well packed .good battery backup,Mobile phone,45
3771,1,Just wow for gaming and photography,Mobile phone,35
3772,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3773,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3774,5,Nice product battery backup awesome,Mobile phone,35
3775,5,Value for money.,Mobile phone,16
3776,5,"Very good product, Qualcom Snapdragon processor. If u looking good phone for secondary use purpose on low budget, then you may go for it.",Mobile phone,137
3777,4,"Excellent performance, good battery power, fast processor at affordable rate",Mobile phone,76
3778,5,Supub dupub,Mobile phone,11
3779,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3780,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3781,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3782,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
3783,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3784,5,Overall not bad.,Mobile phone,16
3785,5,"Very satisfied. At this price it is an attractive buy with so many features. And the battery is 5000mah, sufficient for 2 days moderate use.",Mobile phone,140
3786,5,Very good 👍😘😂😁😁😁😁,Mobile phone,17
3787,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3788,5,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
3789,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
3790,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
3791,5,Phone is good except the back camera.,Mobile phone,37
3792,4,Very good performance,Mobile phone,21
3793,5,"Very good for the amount. Just laggs a bit sometimes. Also the typing and touch becomes erratic at times, so you need to reboot and it becomes alright. Full value for money.",Mobile phone,173
3794,5,Some times display problems,Mobile phone,27
3795,5,Redmi 8A Duel is best,Mobile phone,21
3796,5,It's front camera is soo good.,Mobile phone,30
3797,5,"Super product. I write this, after using for 1month. Battery backup is good. Value for money",Mobile phone,92
3798,3,Mobile is over heading,Mobile phone,22
3799,5,Good product low prices 👏👍,Mobile phone,26
3800,5,Good experience but ir blaster is not given in this phone,Mobile phone,57
3801,1,Good phone for a limited budget,Mobile phone,31
3802,5,"Battery, performance is good. Camera is average but overall it's a good Mobile.",Mobile phone,79
3803,5,Mobile is very good but front camera quality is bad,Mobile phone,51
3804,5,Supar,Mobile phone,5
3805,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
3806,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3807,3,Currier boy is good,Mobile phone,19
3808,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3809,4,Nice product.. But no finger print sensor,Mobile phone,41
3810,4,Nice Products,Mobile phone,13
3811,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3812,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3813,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
3814,5,Average,Mobile phone,7
3815,4,OK,Mobile phone,2
3816,5,Very satisfied,Mobile phone,14
3817,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3818,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3819,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3820,5,Ghatiya Screen Is very Small Battery Are Very Slow Charge And Lag Problem Minimise apps not work and multitasking are not support on this device fake phone,Mobile phone,155
3821,4,Super phone bhai,Mobile phone,16
3822,4,It wery bad performance mobile only one thing better battery...,Mobile phone,63
3823,4,Not bad but my advice to go for samsung,Mobile phone,39
3824,5,"Looking good, ...but camera quality is not good under 13 mP",Mobile phone,59
3825,5,"its a bad product, I faced Charging issue",Mobile phone,41
3826,5,"It is not a seal pack product and sim ejector tool is missing, I think it was second hand product.",Mobile phone,98
3827,1,Mobile Phone don't work,Mobile phone,23
3828,5,This mobile hang like anything..don't buy this...initially it was good..but now i found processor is very slow.,Mobile phone,111
3829,3,Pathetic Phone in 10k what a waste of money poor camera quality and performance. only batter backup is up to the mark review after using it for 5 months. bought in aug-20 just because at that tym most of the phone are out of stock... and i need a phone urgently... still regret the decision to buy this phone,Mobile phone,308
3830,5,Valuable for money.,Mobile phone,19
3831,3,Best in price range 👌👍,Mobile phone,22
3832,1,This is a good phone,Mobile phone,20
3833,1,good product but camera is not good,Mobile phone,35
3834,1,Don't buy this at 10k,Mobile phone,21
3835,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3836,2,Nice price in low cost,Mobile phone,22
3837,5,Good quality and good delivery,Mobile phone,30
3838,5,Amazing phone in this price range especially the processor. Qualcomm Snapdragon is India's best processor for Android,Mobile phone,117
3839,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3840,1,Superb,Mobile phone,6
3841,1,"Worst product launched by flipkart.  Network is not working, no SIM is working in mobile...  Need to restart it frequently....   Better to purchase mobile pricing more than 10k segment....",Mobile phone,188
3842,5,Very very bad packing.... Like second hand mobile,Mobile phone,49
3843,3,Best quality,Mobile phone,12
3844,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3845,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3846,4,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3847,5,Best mobile in range,Mobile phone,20
3848,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3849,1,Nice and good looking phone,Mobile phone,27
3850,5,Very good products,Mobile phone,18
3851,5,Best mobile,Mobile phone,11
3852,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
3853,5,Good mobile number 1 Indian phone Thanks you Redmi,Mobile phone,50
3854,5,Amizing in this prise range mobile I am very happy thank you flipkart. Fast delivery thak you flipkart service,Mobile phone,110
3855,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3856,4,Good perfomance,Mobile phone,15
3857,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3858,5,It's good.big display Justification done for cost.,Mobile phone,50
3859,5,Super mobile phone. It's camera is super and his model is very nice,Mobile phone,67
3860,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3861,5,"Realy Very good mobile, Battery life is very good and camera is also good so in short mobile is good, value for money😊😊",Mobile phone,119
3862,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3863,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3864,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3865,3,Best,Mobile phone,4
3866,5,Value for many,Mobile phone,14
3867,4,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
3868,5,Worth for money,Mobile phone,15
3869,5,Nice deal 👍,Mobile phone,11
3870,4,Very Good Phone in very smart price,Mobile phone,35
3871,4,The phone is really good and performance wise it is best in this segment. Overall best buy in this range,Mobile phone,104
3872,5,Mobile phone is like budget phone but can you provide mobile case,Mobile phone,65
3873,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
3874,4,"Comfortable for normal users , not for gaming",Mobile phone,45
3875,4,Value of money,Mobile phone,14
3876,5,Camera is very bad 😕,Mobile phone,20
3877,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3878,5,Very bad,Mobile phone,8
3879,3,"Good product, and nice👍",Mobile phone,23
3880,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
3881,5,Network is very poor,Mobile phone,20
3882,5,Nice Excellent,Mobile phone,14
3883,3,Not satisfied with this phone.,Mobile phone,30
3884,4,V good mobile,Mobile phone,13
3885,1,Normal usage is quite good..not for gaming and multitasking.,Mobile phone,60
3886,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3887,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3888,2,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
3889,5,It's ok gd,Mobile phone,10
3890,1,I like this phone,Mobile phone,17
3891,5,Best mobile in this price.,Mobile phone,26
3892,4,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
3893,4,Not bad😅,Mobile phone,8
3894,5,Economical phone indeed,Mobile phone,23
3895,5,This phone is good but sometimes it becomes hang,Mobile phone,48
3896,5,"Very bad phone hunging totally , battery parcenteg slow .frnd don't west off your money , don't buy",Mobile phone,99
3897,4,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3898,5,Best mobile love it ❤️,Mobile phone,22
3899,3,Network problem within 1 month,Mobile phone,30
3900,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
3901,5,Good mobile not best nd sometimes lag,Mobile phone,37
3902,4,It's good,Mobile phone,9
3903,1,Display brightness very low not setsfied customer,Mobile phone,49
3904,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3905,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3906,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3907,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3908,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3909,4,Nice phone thankyou Flipkart ♥️♥️♥️❤️,Mobile phone,37
3910,2,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
3911,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3912,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3913,4,Nise Phone,Mobile phone,10
3914,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
3915,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3916,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3917,5,Good quality product.,Mobile phone,21
3918,4,Delivery boy is very good person and honestly delivered my redmi 8a daul on time,Mobile phone,80
3919,4,No call recording dull display,Mobile phone,30
3920,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
3921,5,It's a good phone of low budgets,Mobile phone,32
3922,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3923,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
3924,4,Charger not working 3rd class redmi 8A,Mobile phone,38
3925,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
3926,3,"It's very nice in sound and display under 8,000",Mobile phone,47
3927,5,Nice but little bit usage should be made properly,Mobile phone,49
3928,3,Not bed but good product thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,40
3929,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3930,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
3931,1,Nice . & Supurb,Mobile phone,15
3932,4,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
3933,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3934,2,Best,Mobile phone,4
3935,3,Veri good,Mobile phone,9
3936,4,It is good working thanku Flifcard,Mobile phone,34
3937,3,Good product and service,Mobile phone,24
3938,5,"Happy with flipkart , bcz it delivers original and good product.",Mobile phone,64
3939,4,Superb,Mobile phone,6
3940,5,Nice 👍🙂 happy with Flipkart,Mobile phone,27
3941,5,Very good phone very slim and light weight,Mobile phone,42
3942,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3943,5,Very Nice,Mobile phone,9
3944,5,Good condition & Good quality,Mobile phone,29
3945,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
3946,5,Nice product.,Mobile phone,13
3947,5,Very good phone 📱,Mobile phone,17
3948,5,Best for low renge it is very good for all features,Mobile phone,51
3949,5,Mate f,Mobile phone,6
3950,5,Supper,Mobile phone,6
3951,5,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
3952,5,Very very very good product,Mobile phone,27
3953,5,SUPER PHONE,Mobile phone,11
3954,4,Ok,Mobile phone,2
3955,4,nice product but camera not perfect,Mobile phone,35
3956,5,Network problem call me,Mobile phone,23
3957,5,Very good quality.. I'm very happy.,Mobile phone,35
3958,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
3959,5,Average product,Mobile phone,15
3960,5,Decent entry level phone. Better than the phones that replaced it. They don't even get USB C or gorilla glass protection thanks to cost cutting. Screen is not that great even for the price. But it is a manageable size and not 6.5+ like all the modern phones,Mobile phone,257
3961,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
3962,5,"Good phone but laggy processor, battery is strongest point",Mobile phone,58
3963,2,"After 15 days use.. Best in this range Qualcomm processor, battery backup 👍, Cons, Camera ok No charging indicators No fingure print scanner",Mobile phone,140
3964,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
3965,3,Really good quality product,Mobile phone,27
3966,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
3967,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3968,4,Super your product,Mobile phone,18
3969,5,Superb,Mobile phone,6
3970,4,This mobile is Good performance ok battery excellent,Mobile phone,52
3971,5,Value for money. Satisfied 100%.,Mobile phone,32
3972,5,"Good mobile ,value cost",Mobile phone,23
3973,5,1 art class,Mobile phone,11
3974,4,Thnk u flipkart team.,Mobile phone,21
3975,5,Perfect for normal use,Mobile phone,22
3976,4,M giving review in 2021 by totally used this phone and have a great experience it's amazing😍😍,Mobile phone,93
3977,5,Best mobile in Snapdragon processer... Within pocket friendly,Mobile phone,61
3978,5,its gud to have this phone in such a small price,Mobile phone,48
3979,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3980,5,Thank you Filipkart,Mobile phone,19
3981,4,Power Button Are Very Slow Work And Mobile Are Lagy,Mobile phone,51
3982,5,"I personally suggest you to not to buy this device in this price range. I buy this product a week before in 8200 .. The main thing is that display is very bad. You can easily see pixels..and the vidio quality of YouTube in 720 p is like 480 p. Due to its bad pixels.i am a simple user with no games but with insta,fb, whatsapp only . Then only phone hangs and when we open call icon it takes approximately 6 sec.which is very bad thing to call someone in urgent.",Mobile phone,462
3983,5,I jst luv it.. n especially to delivery boy he was so good.. thank you ❤️,Mobile phone,73
3984,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
3985,5,I'm heppy very nice phone,Mobile phone,25
3986,4,Amazing value for money,Mobile phone,23
3987,5,Display is gone wrong and performance is very bad customer also not supported don't waste your money and times,Mobile phone,110
3988,2,"After switching ON it got started well, but while installing some application problem occured which in future resulted in battery problem & camera too. This all occurred within 10 days of purchase.",Mobile phone,197
3989,2,good phone,Mobile phone,10
3990,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3991,3,Value for money good quality..,Mobile phone,30
3992,5,Value for money. Thank you xiomi & flipkart.,Mobile phone,44
3993,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
3994,1,Phone ok but fingerprint not available... camera low quality only....,Mobile phone,69
3995,1,Super produck,Mobile phone,13
3996,5,Worth of money,Mobile phone,14
3997,5,"Except the camera performance, this phone is gem. Look, feel, performance: everything is acceptable!",Mobile phone,100
3998,5,I am happy,Mobile phone,10
3999,5,Osm,Mobile phone,3
4000,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4001,3,brilliant smartfone ......superb,Mobile phone,32
4002,4,Not bad at all..Good phone in lower range..,Mobile phone,43
4003,5,Not good,Mobile phone,8
4004,4,Superbb,Mobile phone,7
4005,5,This product is good,Mobile phone,20
4006,4,Happy,Mobile phone,5
4007,5,Used mobilee,Mobile phone,12
4008,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4009,4,Mobile hanging in one month,Mobile phone,27
4010,3,This is the best in this value don't look for any else.,Mobile phone,55
4011,5,Delivery guy is great,Mobile phone,21
4012,4,Some time it's occurred Fast boot problem.,Mobile phone,42
4013,5,Nive product worth of money,Mobile phone,27
4014,1,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
4015,4,Good. Valueable. Good for business use.,Mobile phone,39
4016,5,delivery supper fast,Mobile phone,20
4017,5,this is bari much prodact inbelib thank,Mobile phone,39
4018,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4019,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
4020,5,Nice mobile phone,Mobile phone,17
4021,5,"Thanks Flipkart phone is amazing , delivery was also very fast👍👍👍",Mobile phone,65
4022,5,"Nice phone, battery backup is awesome Excellent android entry level phone",Mobile phone,73
4023,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4024,5,Very nice mobile in work price Very NYC,Mobile phone,39
4025,5,Good product. Value for money. Very good offer.,Mobile phone,47
4026,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4027,5,Nice phon,Mobile phone,9
4028,5,"Nice ...... unbelievable, with affordable price 👏good....",Mobile phone,57
4029,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
4030,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4031,5,Superb product,Mobile phone,14
4032,5,waist product,Mobile phone,13
4033,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
4034,5,Mind blowing cell phone under 10k thanks for MI & flipkart,Mobile phone,58
4035,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
4036,3,Excellent phone.. Very handy.. Nice display and good performance.. Worth buying,Mobile phone,79
4037,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4038,5,Very good👍,Mobile phone,10
4039,1,Camera features,Mobile phone,15
4040,4,Nice Phone.,Mobile phone,11
4041,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4042,5,Expect camera everything is good,Mobile phone,32
4043,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
4044,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4045,3,Not good,Mobile phone,8
4046,5,She is so happy,Mobile phone,15
4047,5,NICE,Mobile phone,4
4048,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4049,5,Good velue for money,Mobile phone,20
4050,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4051,4,So good,Mobile phone,7
4052,2,Very nice fone for this range of price and Snapdragon does the job well,Mobile phone,71
4053,5,Fantastic,Mobile phone,9
4054,5,Nice one,Mobile phone,8
4055,5,Nice mobile phone,Mobile phone,17
4056,5,nice,Mobile phone,4
4057,3,Team,Mobile phone,4
4058,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
4059,5,This mobile is waste,Mobile phone,20
4060,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4061,4,Good mobile this range,Mobile phone,22
4062,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4063,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4064,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4065,5,Very nice budget phone. Must buy it. Thank you Flipkart for the amazing phone,Mobile phone,77
4066,1,Camera accessories good,Mobile phone,23
4067,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4068,3,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
4069,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4070,3,Waste of money. Please don't buy,Mobile phone,32
4071,5,All in on 👌👌👌👌👌👌tq,Mobile phone,18
4072,5,I Dont Like Redmi,Mobile phone,17
4073,4,very good for low price,Mobile phone,23
4074,5,Good one,Mobile phone,8
4075,5,Superb,Mobile phone,6
4076,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4077,1,good product,Mobile phone,12
4078,5,Best phone for normal use,Mobile phone,25
4079,2,Good product Very Nice value for money,Mobile phone,38
4080,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4081,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4082,5,Best mobile in xiomi,Mobile phone,20
4083,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
4084,5,Nice phone...in this range,Mobile phone,26
4085,4,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
4086,4,Good product.but camera quality is not as per expectation.,Mobile phone,58
4087,4,Exilent,Mobile phone,7
4088,5,Superb,Mobile phone,6
4089,5,Good in budget French but it and never recommend purchase any chinese item if if you have Indian option,Mobile phone,103
4090,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4091,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4092,5,"Phone works like a typically cheap Chinese handset. Screen touch is sensitive to wires and and other things. Touch it with a wire and screen works 😂, although not accurate like finger touch. It’s manufactured very poorly.",Mobile phone,221
4093,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4094,5,I'm happy,Mobile phone,9
4095,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4096,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4097,4,Good parformance,Mobile phone,16
4098,5,Superr,Mobile phone,6
4099,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4100,4,Very good mobile,Mobile phone,16
4101,5,looks nice,Mobile phone,10
4102,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4103,5,Very nice Phone,Mobile phone,15
4104,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4105,5,Good but camera is not good except that all ok,Mobile phone,46
4106,5,Not Bad,Mobile phone,7
4107,5,M⁰bile is 0wsum I bought it for my mom and after one week im writing that im fully satisfied with the product If u dont need gud camera u can buy this phone It has gud processes snapdragon in this range.so dnt hesitate to buy this product,Mobile phone,238
4108,4,Good handset for old one..,Mobile phone,26
4109,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4110,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4111,5,This phone is tooooooooooooo good and also,Mobile phone,42
4112,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4113,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4114,5,Best choice at this range,Mobile phone,25
4115,4,Excellent...,Mobile phone,12
4116,5,"It's super phone in this range. I bought for my mom but now use myself. Battery is speechless. Thanks xiaomi, redmi.",Mobile phone,116
4117,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4118,5,Super mobile ossam battery,Mobile phone,26
4119,5,Very bad mobile...not to buy...waste of money,Mobile phone,45
4120,5,at this price this is a good phone,Mobile phone,34
4121,4,Wonderful ❣️ perches,Mobile phone,20
4122,5,"I bought this for my mother, she is 65years. As she was using redmi 5 previously so it's a upgrade from 32gb to 64gb. But I was bit disappointed to find no fingerprint sensor or face recognition to unlock. Thankfully SD processor was there.",Mobile phone,240
4123,5,Bahut hi achachi mobile thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,39
4124,5,Great phone,Mobile phone,11
4125,4,Awesome product,Mobile phone,15
4126,1,It's nice I like it and also it's have not back cover so u must buy back cover in flip also glass,Mobile phone,97
4127,5,owsm yrr..,Mobile phone,10
4128,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4129,4,Think about it and I will be in the future of our games are based on the phone with me and I will be in the future of our games are on,Mobile phone,134
4130,5,Awesome phone Awesome flipkart Service,Mobile phone,38
4131,5,Good product. The delivery service was excellent,Mobile phone,48
4132,5,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
4133,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4134,5,Good Mobile,Mobile phone,11
4135,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4136,5,Good to Buy,Mobile phone,11
4137,5,Received as described.,Mobile phone,22
4138,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4139,5,Gud budget mobile by Redmi. I gifted it to my niece and she is very happy ✌✌,Mobile phone,76
4140,5,Osm but camera is not gud,Mobile phone,25
4141,5,Hangs sometimes Speaker quality is so so Screen quality decent Camera is good,Mobile phone,77
4142,3,Good to used,Mobile phone,12
4143,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4144,4,Nice 👍,Mobile phone,6
4145,5,Nice prodect,Mobile phone,12
4146,5,Network problem...no any network found in mobile I bought before 10 days.its very bad mobile,Mobile phone,92
4147,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
4148,3,Nice phone in this range. But something are missing.,Mobile phone,52
4149,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4150,5,Budget phone,Mobile phone,12
4151,5,Best deal on Flipkart,Mobile phone,21
4152,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
4153,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
4154,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
4155,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4156,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4157,5,"ahh!!! this a price to performance phone so if you are ina a budget than you can buy this phone, but if you have more budget like 20-30k then you must go for samsung or iphones xr :P",Mobile phone,182
4158,5,Really good,Mobile phone,11
4159,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4160,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
4161,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4162,5,Good warking,Mobile phone,12
4163,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4164,3,Value of money,Mobile phone,14
4165,5,Nice performance,Mobile phone,16
4166,5,Nice mopile,Mobile phone,11
4167,5,Excellent product,Mobile phone,17
4168,4,Nycc phone,Mobile phone,10
4169,4,Good product.,Mobile phone,13
4170,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4171,5,Good mobile bhine and good delivery boy,Mobile phone,39
4172,5,Excellent budget phone,Mobile phone,22
4173,4,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4174,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4175,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4176,5,Very nice handset,Mobile phone,17
4177,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4178,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4179,5,I m happy,Mobile phone,9
4180,5,the best phone in this price,Mobile phone,28
4181,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4182,5,Varry good,Mobile phone,10
4183,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4184,3,Good phone but this is a average phone,Mobile phone,38
4185,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
4186,4,nice product..,Mobile phone,14
4187,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4188,5,super fine hand set,Mobile phone,19
4189,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4190,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4191,3,Very helpful person,Mobile phone,19
4192,5,Simply awesome,Mobile phone,14
4193,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
4194,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
4195,4,superb,Mobile phone,6
4196,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4197,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4198,5,Very very nice mobile.,Mobile phone,22
4199,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
4200,5,Nice project,Mobile phone,12
4201,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4202,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4203,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4204,5,Cheap and best mobile,Mobile phone,21
4205,5,Best mobile,Mobile phone,11
4206,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4207,5,Overall good,Mobile phone,12
4208,5,Awesome Product & Delivery,Mobile phone,26
4209,5,Good for random use,Mobile phone,19
4210,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
4211,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
4212,5,Good buy,Mobile phone,8
4213,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4214,3,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
4215,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4216,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4217,4,Bad quality,Mobile phone,11
4218,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
4219,4,Good delivery boy super fast delivery,Mobile phone,37
4220,5,Nice phone. Super quality,Mobile phone,25
4221,5,Super product but camera disposing not good,Mobile phone,43
4222,5,Good one at this renge,Mobile phone,22
4223,5,Best,Mobile phone,4
4224,1,Ok,Mobile phone,2
4225,5,Super storage is very very super,Mobile phone,32
4226,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4227,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4228,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4229,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4230,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4231,4,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4232,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4233,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4234,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4235,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4236,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4237,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4238,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4239,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4240,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4241,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4242,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4243,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4244,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4245,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4246,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4247,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4248,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4249,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4250,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4251,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4252,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4253,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4254,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4255,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4256,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4257,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4258,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4259,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4260,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4261,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4262,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4263,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4264,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4265,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4266,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4267,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4268,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4269,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4270,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4271,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4272,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4273,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4274,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4275,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4276,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4277,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4278,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4279,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4280,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4281,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4282,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4283,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4284,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4285,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4286,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4287,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4288,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4289,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4290,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4291,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4292,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4293,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4294,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4295,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4296,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4297,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4298,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4299,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4300,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4301,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4302,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4303,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4304,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4305,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4306,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4307,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4308,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4309,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4310,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4311,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4312,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4313,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4314,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4315,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4316,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4317,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4318,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4319,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4320,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4321,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4322,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4323,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4324,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4325,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4326,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4327,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4328,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4329,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4330,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4331,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4332,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4333,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4334,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4335,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4336,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4337,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4338,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4339,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4340,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4341,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4342,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4343,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4344,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4345,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4346,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4347,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4348,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4349,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4350,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4351,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4352,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4353,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4354,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4355,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4356,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4357,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4358,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4359,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4360,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4361,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4362,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4363,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4364,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4365,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4366,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4367,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4368,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4369,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4370,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4371,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4372,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4373,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4374,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4375,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4376,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4377,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4378,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4379,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4380,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4381,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4382,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4383,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4384,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4385,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4386,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4387,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4388,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4389,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4390,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4391,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4392,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4393,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4394,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4395,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4396,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4397,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4398,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4399,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4400,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4401,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4402,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4403,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4404,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4405,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4406,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4407,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4408,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4409,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4410,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4411,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4412,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4413,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4414,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4415,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4416,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4417,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4418,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4419,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4420,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4421,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4422,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4423,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4424,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4425,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4426,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4427,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4428,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4429,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4430,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4431,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4432,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4433,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4434,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4435,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4436,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4437,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4438,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4439,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4440,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4441,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4442,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4443,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4444,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4445,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4446,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4447,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4448,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4449,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4450,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4451,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4452,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4453,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4454,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4455,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4456,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4457,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4458,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4459,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4460,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4461,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4462,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4463,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4464,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4465,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4466,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4467,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4468,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4469,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4470,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4471,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4472,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4473,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4474,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4475,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4476,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4477,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4478,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4479,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4480,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4481,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4482,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4483,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4484,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4485,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4486,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4487,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4488,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4489,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4490,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4491,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4492,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4493,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4494,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4495,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4496,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4497,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4498,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4499,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4500,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4501,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4502,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4503,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4504,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4505,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4506,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4507,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4508,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4509,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4510,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4511,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4512,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4513,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4514,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4515,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4516,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4517,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4518,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4519,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4520,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4521,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4522,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4523,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4524,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4525,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4526,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4527,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4528,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4529,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4530,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4531,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4532,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4533,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4534,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4535,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4536,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4537,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4538,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4539,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4540,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4541,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4542,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4543,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4544,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4545,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4546,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4547,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4548,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4549,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4550,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4551,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4552,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4553,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4554,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4555,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4556,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4557,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4558,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4559,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4560,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4561,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4562,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4563,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4564,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4565,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4566,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4567,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4568,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4569,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4570,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4571,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4572,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4573,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4574,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4575,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4576,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4577,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4578,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4579,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4580,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4581,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4582,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4583,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4584,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4585,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4586,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4587,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4588,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4589,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4590,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4591,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4592,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4593,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4594,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4595,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4596,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4597,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4598,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4599,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4600,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4601,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4602,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4603,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4604,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4605,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4606,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4607,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4608,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4609,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4610,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4611,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4612,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4613,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4614,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4615,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4616,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4617,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4618,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4619,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4620,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4621,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4622,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4623,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4624,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4625,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4626,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4627,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4628,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4629,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4630,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4631,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4632,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4633,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4634,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4635,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4636,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4637,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4638,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4639,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4640,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4641,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4642,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4643,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4644,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4645,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4646,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4647,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4648,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4649,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4650,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4651,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4652,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4653,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4654,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4655,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4656,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4657,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4658,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4659,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4660,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4661,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4662,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4663,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4664,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4665,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4666,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4667,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4668,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4669,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4670,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4671,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4672,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4673,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4674,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4675,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4676,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4677,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4678,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4679,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4680,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4681,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4682,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4683,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4684,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4685,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4686,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4687,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4688,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4689,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4690,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4691,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4692,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4693,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4694,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4695,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4696,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4697,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4698,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4699,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4700,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4701,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4702,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4703,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4704,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4705,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4706,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4707,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4708,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4709,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4710,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4711,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4712,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4713,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4714,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4715,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4716,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4717,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4718,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4719,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4720,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4721,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4722,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4723,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4724,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4725,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4726,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4727,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4728,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4729,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4730,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4731,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4732,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4733,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4734,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4735,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4736,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4737,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4738,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4739,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4740,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4741,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4742,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4743,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4744,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4745,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4746,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4747,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4748,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4749,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4750,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4751,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4752,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4753,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4754,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4755,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4756,5,Best in budget...,Mobile phone,17
4757,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4758,4,Low price bat good mobile mi 8a dual,Mobile phone,36
4759,4,Best quality and best price,Mobile phone,27
4760,5,Nice looking mobile,Mobile phone,19
4761,5,"There is no space at all but this phone is very strong , lovely colour and little touch problem",Mobile phone,95
4762,5,It's a good rugged product...not suitable for youngsters.... I bought it for my my mom,Mobile phone,86
4763,4,Owasam,Mobile phone,6
4764,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4765,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4766,5,It's worth for money sometimes. But sometimes it's worthless . Camera department is very bad . Battery is good . Gamers don't buy this phone. Charger is usb normal 10w charger . It takes 2 hr To 100 % charging. I think this mobile is best for normal users. Finally I recommend GO TO REALME 6i. In this price segment ...👍👍👍,Mobile phone,322
4767,5,The phone is overall good according to the price. Camera is okay but the clarity is not too good. Battery is quite good. Easy to handle phone but as i was expecting like all phones now a days this would also have a remote control access for tv and dish but it doesn't have that feature.,Mobile phone,286
4768,4,Consider all things good device  Battery is very good Display is good enough for money Camera is good for me  Value for money. Some problems will have,Mobile phone,150
4769,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4770,5,Worth for money..  Affordable price for mobile.,Mobile phone,47
4771,5,Nice 🙂,Mobile phone,6
4772,5,This Phone is performance wise is good and battery life is also awesome. But the Camera is not good.,Mobile phone,100
4773,3,Nice product delivery let thank you for Flipkart,Mobile phone,48
4774,4,Very nice redmi 9,Mobile phone,17
4775,4,Very good 🙂,Mobile phone,11
4776,5,A good product...,Mobile phone,17
4777,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4778,5,Very very attractive Mobile .,Mobile phone,29
4779,4,Best in class in the available price range,Mobile phone,42
4780,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
4781,1,Very poor camera battery is nice,Mobile phone,32
4782,5,Osm looking,Mobile phone,11
4783,5,Super mobile ... thanks flipcard,Mobile phone,32
4784,5,Superb phone,Mobile phone,12
4785,5,ok,Mobile phone,2
4786,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4787,4,Nice 👍,Mobile phone,6
4788,3,Super,Mobile phone,5
4789,5,Good product and feature,Mobile phone,24
4790,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4791,5,NYC phone,Mobile phone,9
4792,4,Very good product I really satisfied😊😊,Mobile phone,38
4793,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4794,5,So Beautiful products ...Thanks.. filipkart,Mobile phone,43
4795,5,Nice products 👌❤,Mobile phone,16
4796,5,Cmaera is very bad 2 mp camera is not working very very bad do not buy this phone,Mobile phone,81
4797,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4798,4,I like it 👍👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️❤️🌹,Mobile phone,23
4799,5,"Good battery backup,nice feuture, nice quality",Mobile phone,46
4800,5,Very Good 👍,Mobile phone,11
4801,4,Low quality camera,Mobile phone,18
4802,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4803,1,camara not good,Mobile phone,15
4804,3,This is awesome 👌🤝 Flipkart,Mobile phone,27
4805,5,"Mobile good, camera not ok",Mobile phone,26
4806,5,The camera is too bad,Mobile phone,21
4807,5,ITS AN AWSSOM MOBILE. GREAT BATTERY LIFE. AVERAGE CAMERA QUALITY.ALL OVER NOT BAD FOR THIS PRICE SEGMENT.I AM HAPPY.,Mobile phone,116
4808,1,Nice products please buy this,Mobile phone,29
4809,5,Camera is very good performance,Mobile phone,31
4810,1,Nice to meet you,Mobile phone,16
4811,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4812,4,Very bad Camera quality,Mobile phone,23
4813,2,Very nice Mobile Phone Mobile Phone very very nice,Mobile phone,50
4814,5,Very cute camera,Mobile phone,16
4815,5,Amazing phone at this price camera is not that good but battery and ram are best according to the price.,Mobile phone,104
4816,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4817,5,Best Phone i Liked,Mobile phone,18
4818,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
4819,2,Very nice phone 👍,Mobile phone,17
4820,5,Not perfect but ok,Mobile phone,18
4821,5,Mobile is Good,Mobile phone,14
4822,5,"Battery capacity best, bad camera",Mobile phone,33
4823,5,GOOD PRODUCT AT REASONABLE PRICE...,Mobile phone,35
4824,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
4825,4,Best phone for more features for less money,Mobile phone,43
4826,4,First time disappointed from Mi.... Phone is very slow....,Mobile phone,58
4827,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4828,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4829,2,Very nice phone best phone I ever used,Mobile phone,38
4830,5,amazing,Mobile phone,7
4831,5,Don't waste ur money it hangs after few months be careful,Mobile phone,57
4832,5,"Mobile is good, camera is ok",Mobile phone,28
4833,1,The product is good & fast delivery. But price is higher than in Redmi site.,Mobile phone,76
4834,5,Good product 😍👍👌my husband is so happy,Mobile phone,38
4835,4,Very bad quality of camera and honour did not response in any issues related to this product,Mobile phone,92
4836,5,Very nice camera was excellent,Mobile phone,30
4837,5,Waste of money in this range.,Mobile phone,29
4838,2,Camera quality is very bad.,Mobile phone,27
4839,5,Very poor camera quality frist time unsatisfied with Xiaomi,Mobile phone,59
4840,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4841,5,Very nice phone I'm so happy ❤️❤️ thanks for offer Flipkart 🙏🙏,Mobile phone,62
4842,1,All sistam good,Mobile phone,15
4843,5,Super but camera,Mobile phone,16
4844,3,Average,Mobile phone,7
4845,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4846,1,Happy to see this phone ... Well and its good,Mobile phone,45
4847,5,Camera is not perfect mobile is almost nice,Mobile phone,43
4848,5,Cheap quality not value for money,Mobile phone,33
4849,5,Camera not good,Mobile phone,15
4850,5,"Its a good mobile, good battery backup, value of money",Mobile phone,54
4851,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4852,5,Awasome purchase,Mobile phone,16
4853,5,The mobile is good but Camara is bad but mobile is good 👍👌,Mobile phone,58
4854,4,Dont Pls buy....No refund will be given...Very Poor Performance of camera and battery. Takes 4-5 hrs to charge and camera quality even lower than 1 mp camera...THERE IS NO OPTION SUCH AS RETURN...its only written to make people fool,Mobile phone,232
4855,1,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4856,1,"Excellent product by Xiaomi this my 6th phone all are excellent , thanks to Xiaomi making phones in regionalble price.",Mobile phone,118
4857,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4858,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
4859,5,Best mobile at lowest budget,Mobile phone,28
4860,5,"Overall the phone shoes the value for money, camara not such a good. Battery performance is excellent",Mobile phone,101
4861,1,"Nice looking .good grip, sound function is good,good bass.. Thanks flipkart",Mobile phone,75
4862,4,Normal,Mobile phone,6
4863,4,Very bed phone,Mobile phone,14
4864,5,Value for money.,Mobile phone,16
4865,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
4866,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
4867,4,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
4868,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
4869,2,best in price,Mobile phone,13
4870,1,good one.. but camera is not good ...front is very bad ... battery is super....display is okkk.... performance is all over good,Mobile phone,127
4871,4,Ok,Mobile phone,2
4872,5,Nice piec,Mobile phone,9
4873,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
4874,5,Sul,Mobile phone,3
4875,5,Value for money ..... But camera quality not good,Mobile phone,49
4876,5,Nice ❤️,Mobile phone,7
4877,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4878,5,Good product no lag but it should have a usb c type Connector and a ir blaster and a fast charging,Mobile phone,98
4879,5,Good product for gaming and for clicking photos and all,Mobile phone,55
4880,5,Worst experience.. There is no phone... Worst ecommerce.. No assurance for buyer,Mobile phone,80
4881,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
4882,4,Good one value for money.,Mobile phone,25
4883,5,The phone is good but not very good camera 3* battery 5* display 4* value for money 4*,Mobile phone,86
4884,5,Bad camera,Mobile phone,10
4885,5,super redmi 9,Mobile phone,13
4886,5,VERY NICE VALUE OF MONEY,Mobile phone,24
4887,1,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
4888,5,Bad phon Camra so bad Battery backup bad Souund quality so bad,Mobile phone,62
4889,3,I have used the phone only for three months and it's display is completely cracked. And the thing is that the tuffan glass is clear (nothing happened to it) but the inner display has huge cracks. Really very disappointed😞 With this worst mobile phone ever. 😣😡,Mobile phone,259
4890,3,This mobile is very best,Mobile phone,24
4891,3,Good Mobile but camera quality is little low front camera okay,Mobile phone,62
4892,5,Nice pic,Mobile phone,8
4893,5,Very good flipkart,Mobile phone,18
4894,5,impressively covered the product. but i received the product one day late..,Mobile phone,75
4895,1,Mobile hang,Mobile phone,11
4896,1,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4897,5,NYC phone of your budget,Mobile phone,24
4898,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4899,5,very nice,Mobile phone,9
4900,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4901,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4902,5,Screen problem not working worst...,Mobile phone,35
4903,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4904,5,Mobile features are not working properly,Mobile phone,40
4905,4,Display is poor. Not satisfied with sound quality. High cost low quality,Mobile phone,72
4906,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4907,5,Best phone for battery backup ....... camera is worst,Mobile phone,53
4908,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
4909,3,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4910,4,Super aytem,Mobile phone,11
4911,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
4912,3,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
4913,3,Super,Mobile phone,5
4914,4,camera quality verry verry bad..,Mobile phone,32
4915,4,Oh..nice product,Mobile phone,16
4916,4,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
4917,4,Very nice phone,Mobile phone,15
4918,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
4919,5,Osm,Mobile phone,3
4920,5,Camera not as expected,Mobile phone,22
4921,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
4922,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4923,4,Nic 🔋 backup,Mobile phone,12
4924,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4925,4,awesome,Mobile phone,7
4926,5,Not Good not bad this phone gaming experience is very very very bad processes is too low after buying some days after some problems will be there while playing bgmi too low experience,Mobile phone,183
4927,3,V nice,Mobile phone,6
4928,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4929,4,Product very nice,Mobile phone,17
4930,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4931,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4932,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4933,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
4934,5,Awesome for this range,Mobile phone,22
4935,4,V nyc product I like it,Mobile phone,23
4936,5,Best mobile under 9000,Mobile phone,22
4937,3,Most useful for me,Mobile phone,18
4938,5,Camera quality not good,Mobile phone,23
4939,5,Camera not good .. better options available,Mobile phone,43
4940,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
4941,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4942,5,OSM,Mobile phone,3
4943,5,"Nice Mobile, good build quality",Mobile phone,31
4944,5,good,Mobile phone,4
4945,3,Very nice product 👌👌,Mobile phone,20
4946,2,Cheap product quantity.,Mobile phone,23
4947,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4948,5,Verrry good,Mobile phone,11
4949,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4950,4,No mi remote + heating problem also,Mobile phone,35
4951,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4952,3,Great,Mobile phone,5
4953,2,"This Phone Is Not Good Don,t Take it Problem Hang",Mobile phone,49
4954,5,"Worst ever phone, company following the footsteps.of nokia",Mobile phone,58
4955,5,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
4956,5,Excellent mobile,Mobile phone,16
4957,1,good product,Mobile phone,12
4958,4,good,Mobile phone,4
4959,5,Performance is very slow. Feels like we are using very less RAM device. Very disappointed with this phone.,Mobile phone,106
4960,1,Super pees,Mobile phone,10
4961,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
4962,5,Good Phone,Mobile phone,10
4963,5,Just okay,Mobile phone,9
4964,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
4965,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
4966,3,Super,Mobile phone,5
4967,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
4968,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
4969,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4970,3,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
4971,4,Alaways be happy,Mobile phone,16
4972,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
4973,4,Cemra quality is very poor,Mobile phone,26
4974,5,good product,Mobile phone,12
4975,3,Nice mobile phone battery backup is osm👌,Mobile phone,40
4976,4,Overall good,Mobile phone,12
4977,5,Cool mobile I gifted to my friend.,Mobile phone,34
4978,5,Good product .. good..quality,Mobile phone,29
4979,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4980,1,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
4981,4,I like mi mobile,Mobile phone,16
4982,4,Good luck getting back to nice products good condition,Mobile phone,54
4983,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
4984,5,Redmi and Flipkart I LOVE YOU.,Mobile phone,30
4985,5,It is not working properly,Mobile phone,26
4986,5,Very poor quiltey,Mobile phone,17
4987,5,Budget friendly,Mobile phone,15
4988,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
4989,4,So so,Mobile phone,5
4990,5,Good phone go for it,Mobile phone,20
4991,5,A good phone in this budget. Battery and touch is good.,Mobile phone,55
4992,3,Not value for money product,Mobile phone,27
4993,1,Mobile super but camara no quality,Mobile phone,34
4994,4,This product is so good,Mobile phone,23
4995,5,Very good Mobile 👍,Mobile phone,18
4996,2,Good product,Mobile phone,12
4997,5,Nice One,Mobile phone,8
4998,4,goood,Mobile phone,5
4999,3,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5000,4,Super moblie,Mobile phone,12
5001,5,Average,Mobile phone,7
5002,5,Good produced,Mobile phone,13
5003,4,Good product thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,28
5004,4,Nice👍,Mobile phone,5
5005,5,Flop,Mobile phone,4
5006,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5007,5,Camera is bad,Mobile phone,13
5008,1,Very nice pic,Mobile phone,13
5009,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5010,5,Network issue and camera quality is very low night time worst performance,Mobile phone,73
5011,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5012,1,Gd products,Mobile phone,11
5013,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5014,1,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5015,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5016,5,Overall ok.,Mobile phone,11
5017,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5018,1,Nice loved it very much.true value for your money,Mobile phone,49
5019,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5020,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5021,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5022,4,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
5023,4,Osm,Mobile phone,3
5024,4,Avrage,Mobile phone,6
5025,5,Super loving❤️ 📱phones,Mobile phone,22
5026,5,Very bad,Mobile phone,8
5027,3,Nice camera quality.,Mobile phone,20
5028,4,Phn is good but the charge on my phone drops quickly please tell me why?,Mobile phone,72
5029,3,Good but not so good,Mobile phone,20
5030,5,Nice phone by Xiaomi in this range...,Mobile phone,37
5031,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5032,5,Worst,Mobile phone,5
5033,1,Default and bad mobile set,Mobile phone,26
5034,5,The Redmi from Xiaomi is just Super.A budget mobile with all the latest features.You will love it.,Mobile phone,98
5035,4,So nice,Mobile phone,7
5036,4,good,Mobile phone,4
5037,4,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5038,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5039,1,"Except for Camera, all other features are Super Good. Extremely happy for this Price",Mobile phone,84
5040,1,Good quality,Mobile phone,12
5041,5,Nice mobile phone,Mobile phone,17
5042,5,Nice protect,Mobile phone,12
5043,3,Nicen phone,Mobile phone,11
5044,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5045,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5046,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5047,5,Not a bad,Mobile phone,9
5048,5,This product to my money save,Mobile phone,29
5049,3,Super ❤️,Mobile phone,8
5050,5,good,Mobile phone,4
5051,5,Don't buy this product. Mobile is not charging. Day 2 itself we found this issue. SD card can't mounting. Always it shows unable to mount or some issues. Both are major issues. Consider this.,Mobile phone,191
5052,4,Bitrate is low,Mobile phone,14
5053,5,Must,Mobile phone,4
5054,4,Not good phn,Mobile phone,12
5055,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5056,5,Best phone 📱📱,Mobile phone,13
5057,3,Good product this price.,Mobile phone,24
5058,1,Veryyy nice phone camera is best,Mobile phone,32
5059,2,Good looking,Mobile phone,12
5060,5,Very good mobile in this price range.,Mobile phone,37
5061,1,It's good,Mobile phone,9
5062,4,This product is very poor product and my money is wasted,Mobile phone,56
5063,5,Very good product thank you flipkart,Mobile phone,36
5064,5,Good luck,Mobile phone,9
5065,5,Vert good,Mobile phone,9
5066,1,Amazing camera,Mobile phone,14
5067,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5068,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5069,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
5070,5,Nice prodekt,Mobile phone,12
5071,4,Excellent bettary backup is super. And the uses for very smooth.,Mobile phone,64
5072,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5073,5,Nyc,Mobile phone,3
5074,3,According to money best mobile,Mobile phone,30
5075,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5076,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5077,5,Super ❤️💓,Mobile phone,9
5078,4,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
5079,5,Nice one,Mobile phone,8
5080,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5081,5,Very Good....,Mobile phone,13
5082,4,Loking good and delivery fast thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,45
5083,5,Good mobile at 10k,Mobile phone,18
5084,5,Good mobile phone for the price,Mobile phone,31
5085,3,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5086,5,Best,Mobile phone,4
5087,5,camera not good,Mobile phone,15
5088,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5089,4,Good phone by redmi,Mobile phone,19
5090,4,Camera quality is very poor,Mobile phone,27
5091,5,Nice 👍 product,Mobile phone,14
5092,5,Okay,Mobile phone,4
5093,5,Bogas.. Data cable not working.. I request to return the charger or data cable. But no body responce till now.,Mobile phone,110
5094,1,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5095,4,The screen size not good Length is so long Bettery backup is not well Money price so high  All over phone not well,Mobile phone,114
5096,5,Good products❤❤,Mobile phone,15
5097,1,Superr,Mobile phone,6
5098,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5099,3,Does a good job as a budget smartphone.,Mobile phone,39
5100,1,Bad mobile ..,Mobile phone,13
5101,5,Very nice phone Must buy,Mobile phone,24
5102,3,Bad,Mobile phone,3
5103,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5104,3,All are good except battery.,Mobile phone,28
5105,4,Redmi 9 it's has great display but it's camera quality is poor than another redmi phones.,Mobile phone,89
5106,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
5107,1,Ok better,Mobile phone,9
5108,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5109,1,"Mobile is running smoothly and camera is awesome, good battery backup, touch working well and all functions are good.",Mobile phone,117
5110,5,Good product thnku flipkart 😊,Mobile phone,29
5111,3,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5112,3,It s working good but I have a problem that its screen is not spilting so plz give the option,Mobile phone,93
5113,5,Super 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍😍,Mobile phone,15
5114,4,Love it,Mobile phone,7
5115,5,Nice phone valyu of money Fast and safe delevry..,Mobile phone,49
5116,5,GoOd,Mobile phone,4
5117,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5118,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5119,4,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
5120,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5121,5,It's good as pocket value,Mobile phone,25
5122,5,This mobile is good but camera 📷 quality is very bad,Mobile phone,52
5123,5,Gold,Mobile phone,4
5124,4,Nice and suitable price,Mobile phone,23
5125,5,Nice phone.Battery capacity super,Mobile phone,33
5126,5,Vary good,Mobile phone,9
5127,4,good,Mobile phone,4
5128,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5129,3,Nice Camera,Mobile phone,11
5130,5,Huge Network issue in this phone…,Mobile phone,33
5131,4,Worth of Price and Camera also Good. Loved it,Mobile phone,45
5132,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5133,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5134,5,It's not working properly getting stuck,Mobile phone,39
5135,5,Best,Mobile phone,4
5136,5,Averages mobile,Mobile phone,15
5137,1,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5138,4,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5139,4,It's good Camera not as much good But OK,Mobile phone,40
5140,4,Amazing phone,Mobile phone,13
5141,2,Display has an issue and shows line on screen after 20 days of purchase. Later I went to Mi service center for repair so they denied to fix free of costs whereas phone has under warranty. I argued with them and but they didn’t convince and I paid 2700 as repair cost under the warranty period. So will never go for Mi phones in future.,Mobile phone,335
5142,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5143,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5144,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5145,4,I'm Very happy ... Very Very happy love you all,Mobile phone,47
5146,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5147,1,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5148,2,Very good product according to price,Mobile phone,36
5149,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5150,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5151,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5152,5,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
5153,5,Very good phone I really like this phone so amazing camera looks like professional,Mobile phone,82
5154,5,Good phone liked it and good service centre too,Mobile phone,47
5155,5,Good product value for money,Mobile phone,28
5156,5,Same to Redmi 8,Mobile phone,15
5157,4,Best mobile with affordable price,Mobile phone,33
5158,3,Very nice phone in this range,Mobile phone,29
5159,5,Beauty full product,Mobile phone,19
5160,4,expection satisfied by both mi and flipcart delivery,Mobile phone,52
5161,5,Simple amd best,Mobile phone,15
5162,4,The delivery man very super and coll person tq flipcart,Mobile phone,55
5163,5,Am happy this mobile nice and low money quality good standard mobile,Mobile phone,68
5164,4,Thank,Mobile phone,5
5165,5,Mobile is good but have hanging problem after use.,Mobile phone,50
5166,5,Over all good and nice dilivery service,Mobile phone,39
5167,5,Nyc you,Mobile phone,7
5168,5,Too good,Mobile phone,8
5169,4,Good product I love that I gifted it,Mobile phone,36
5170,4,"Worst CAMERA clarity..., other features are good...",Mobile phone,51
5171,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5172,4,Delivered on time nice,Mobile phone,22
5173,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5174,5,Low cost good quality,Mobile phone,21
5175,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5176,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5177,2,Don't buy this mobile back camra not good and replacement policy applied on it so u can not return.,Mobile phone,99
5178,5,Camera is very poor.....I just hangs sometimes...and it's transparent glss is also very bad...others are perfect ok...🔥,Mobile phone,119
5179,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5180,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5181,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5182,5,Budget Phone,Mobile phone,12
5183,5,Very good nice products,Mobile phone,23
5184,1,Super,Mobile phone,5
5185,4,Nice product.,Mobile phone,13
5186,4,Good product from Flipkart,Mobile phone,26
5187,5,It is very nice . Its look is awsome,Mobile phone,36
5188,5,Camera 📷 problem,Mobile phone,16
5189,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5190,3,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
5191,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5192,3,Very good mobile storage is also good and super camera,Mobile phone,54
5193,5,Display is automatically stop,Mobile phone,29
5194,5,Total good product my opinion,Mobile phone,29
5195,2,This is my second purchased. It’s very good mobile,Mobile phone,50
5196,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5197,5,Camera not good,Mobile phone,15
5198,5,It is an amazing product.... I've njoy it well... Tnku flip cart ❤,Mobile phone,66
5199,5,Thanks to early delivered. And mobile looking o good nice to sporty orange colour.,Mobile phone,82
5200,1,Super,Mobile phone,5
5201,4,Very nice working in redmi,Mobile phone,26
5202,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5203,4,Good👌👍,Mobile phone,6
5204,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
5205,5,"Wow good prodect , delevry very fast It's worth",Mobile phone,47
5206,4,Very good phone,Mobile phone,15
5207,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5208,5,GOOD ?,Mobile phone,6
5209,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
5210,5,ok,Mobile phone,2
5211,5,Super phone,Mobile phone,11
5212,5,Suprr as expected,Mobile phone,17
5213,5,Normal,Mobile phone,6
5214,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5215,5,Bad Mobile in Redmi 9,Mobile phone,21
5216,5,Super one loved it,Mobile phone,18
5217,5,Top,Mobile phone,3
5218,5,Nice product Iam very Happy ❤❤❤❤ Thank you flip cart 😘😘😘😘,Mobile phone,57
5219,4,Fabulous,Mobile phone,8
5220,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5221,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5222,1,This phone is very smart,Mobile phone,24
5223,5,Best product under this price. Must buy,Mobile phone,39
5224,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5225,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5226,5,Best in price worth using,Mobile phone,25
5227,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5228,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5229,5,Super phone I liked it,Mobile phone,22
5230,4,Nice&col,Mobile phone,8
5231,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5232,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5233,5,Perfect product,Mobile phone,15
5234,4,Very poor quality,Mobile phone,17
5235,5,★★★★★Very Good,Mobile phone,14
5236,4,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5237,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5238,5,Nice mobile good....,Mobile phone,20
5239,5,Fantastic thank u flipkart,Mobile phone,26
5240,5,good product,Mobile phone,12
5241,1,All things were good but compass is missing. One negative point at this price,Mobile phone,77
5242,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5243,4,Very very good mobile,Mobile phone,21
5244,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5245,4,Super nice,Mobile phone,10
5246,5,good product,Mobile phone,12
5247,5,Awesome fone at this value,Mobile phone,26
5248,4,Not good,Mobile phone,8
5249,3,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
5250,5,Super nice quality buy this,Mobile phone,27
5251,5,Good build quality and product looking good Camera not upto the mark Front camera is not good,Mobile phone,93
5252,5,Very very nice,Mobile phone,14
5253,5,good,Mobile phone,4
5254,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5255,3,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5256,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5257,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5258,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
5259,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5260,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5261,4,Only camara is some low quality.nd all over mobile phone is good quality,Mobile phone,72
5262,5,Nyz phone,Mobile phone,9
5263,5,Fantastic,Mobile phone,9
5264,4,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5265,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5266,3,Super,Mobile phone,5
5267,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5268,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5269,4,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5270,5,Very nice...Thanks Redmond and flipkart..,Mobile phone,41
5271,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5272,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5273,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
5274,5,Best product,Mobile phone,12
5275,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5276,5,Good nice 👌👌👌👌👌,Mobile phone,15
5277,5,Ok perfect,Mobile phone,10
5278,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5279,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5280,5,GOOD,Mobile phone,4
5281,3,Supper mobail,Mobile phone,13
5282,5,very good products,Mobile phone,18
5283,5,Phon is no good,Mobile phone,15
5284,4,very very bad moblie quality,Mobile phone,28
5285,5,It's good fone in average class person,Mobile phone,38
5286,5,Product is good,Mobile phone,15
5287,5,It is nice phones,Mobile phone,17
5288,5,GOOD PRODUCT BY FLIPKART,Mobile phone,24
5289,3,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5290,1,Good quality,Mobile phone,12
5291,1,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5292,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5293,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5294,4,Must buy amazing,Mobile phone,16
5295,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
5296,4,good,Mobile phone,4
5297,4,Wow,Mobile phone,3
5298,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5299,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5300,4,I like it,Mobile phone,9
5301,3,Super,Mobile phone,5
5302,5,Ok good,Mobile phone,7
5303,3,Superb Thank You Flipkart,Mobile phone,25
5304,5,Best 😄😄,Mobile phone,7
5305,5,GOOD,Mobile phone,4
5306,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5307,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5308,4,It is very loved peoce thanku flipkart,Mobile phone,38
5309,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5310,5,VERY GOOD QULI.,Mobile phone,15
5311,5,Sounds is daimej,Mobile phone,16
5312,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5313,5,Excellent mobile,Mobile phone,16
5314,5,"Camera quality is not up to the mark, but in other areas like battery back up, display,touch it performs well",Mobile phone,109
5315,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5316,5,Great,Mobile phone,5
5317,5,Great product,Mobile phone,13
5318,1,Camera not bad,Mobile phone,14
5319,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5320,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5321,5,Very nice product 👍,Mobile phone,19
5322,4,.I think this product is amazing. And believe your self .,Mobile phone,57
5323,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5324,4,Well the product I received is good but my seal of box is broken,Mobile phone,64
5325,5,This is a good products,Mobile phone,23
5326,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5327,3,Awesome👍👍👍,Mobile phone,10
5328,5,Exellent product,Mobile phone,16
5329,5,Excellent service thanks Flipkart,Mobile phone,33
5330,5,Bad,Mobile phone,3
5331,1,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5332,5,Handset is ok but Why i dont no Battery backup is not done gud,Mobile phone,62
5333,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5334,4,Good Product in this price,Mobile phone,26
5335,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5336,5,Mst,Mobile phone,3
5337,1,Very very good,Mobile phone,14
5338,5,Nice set,Mobile phone,8
5339,2,Its gud,Mobile phone,7
5340,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5341,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5342,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
5343,5,Very good cell phone in mi product,Mobile phone,34
5344,5,Very very good product. I like it 👌👍👍👌,Mobile phone,38
5345,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5346,3,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5347,5,Gud worth for money,Mobile phone,19
5348,5,Good! No complains found,Mobile phone,24
5349,5,I want too refund I want too me battery backup problem h,Mobile phone,56
5350,4,top,Mobile phone,3
5351,5,Good is phone camera is very poor,Mobile phone,33
5352,4,Nice products,Mobile phone,13
5353,5,Worth,Mobile phone,5
5354,5,Worst mobile and the charger is not sufficient because it is not ctype charger redmi 8a have c-type so I don't like the phone,Mobile phone,125
5355,5,Good😛,Mobile phone,5
5356,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5357,4,Product,Mobile phone,7
5358,4,Suprr,Mobile phone,5
5359,5,Excellent awesome,Mobile phone,17
5360,5,Awosome mobile looks great nice working,Mobile phone,39
5361,3,Excellent phone in this price Battery's backup b👌 Only problem I faced is that I haven't got ant back cover,Mobile phone,107
5362,5,Super phone,Mobile phone,11
5363,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5364,5,It's good for me,Mobile phone,16
5365,5,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
5366,5,Volume is very low,Mobile phone,18
5367,4,Just good,Mobile phone,9
5368,4,Sim 2 failure,Mobile phone,13
5369,5,Happy,Mobile phone,5
5370,4,Rhe product is nt at good,Mobile phone,25
5371,5,Good condition mobile,Mobile phone,21
5372,5,So beautiful prduct,Mobile phone,19
5373,3,Good values of money.,Mobile phone,21
5374,5,Such a good product only it has less camera feature,Mobile phone,51
5375,1,Phone is Good but it is not expected as all redmi phone. It has USB port charger and camera is not as expected,Mobile phone,110
5376,5,Very nice products,Mobile phone,18
5377,1,Good Mobile,Mobile phone,11
5378,5,Camera power was very low,Mobile phone,25
5379,5,verry poor quality,Mobile phone,18
5380,5,about mobile phone Radmi 9,Mobile phone,26
5381,4,Best,Mobile phone,4
5382,1,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5383,5,Nice mobali,Mobile phone,11
5384,4,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5385,5,Average product,Mobile phone,15
5386,1,Super mobile phone,Mobile phone,18
5387,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5388,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5389,5,It is amazing product and it full fill the condition of value of price.....👍,Mobile phone,76
5390,5,"This product has great value for money .  Negatives are : 1 Camera can be improved  All other features are excellent. Good display. Batteries with Long life . Comes with MIUI 12 , based on Android 10.  TIP : Use any back cover Because the Finger print Sensor of this phone may get exposed to dust easily ..Box doesn't contains a back cover.",Mobile phone,340
5391,4,Superb,Mobile phone,6
5392,3,"Camera good,",Mobile phone,12
5393,5,It is awesome,Mobile phone,13
5394,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5395,5,Nicee❤ Prizeee is amazinggg✌🏻,Mobile phone,29
5396,5,"Display is not working, many patches are on display.",Mobile phone,52
5397,5,Thank you,Mobile phone,9
5398,5,Comera problems,Mobile phone,15
5399,5,Camera is not as good like redmi 7 but overall good,Mobile phone,51
5400,5,Good mobile,Mobile phone,11
5401,3,Nice phone it seems to be good and work also good.,Mobile phone,50
5402,5,Amazing👍 thank you🌹 so much flipkart,Mobile phone,36
5403,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5404,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
5405,5,good mobile at cheap cost.,Mobile phone,26
5406,5,Awesome mobile thank mi and flipkart faster delivery on lockdown 😍😊,Mobile phone,67
5407,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
5408,5,Camara is not good 🙄,Mobile phone,20
5409,5,Good nice,Mobile phone,9
5410,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5411,5,Best,Mobile phone,4
5412,5,I give 5 stars because this phone is awesome. Thank you flipkart,Mobile phone,64
5413,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5414,5,"Very bad display , full dimm light",Mobile phone,34
5415,2,it is a very excellent product . i use this product .it is very good product in this cheap price it is good as well as gaming at medium graphics but its camera was small poor.,Mobile phone,175
5416,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5417,4,Nice mobile and fast delivery bst,Mobile phone,33
5418,4,Poor mibile but baitry very fine,Mobile phone,32
5419,5,good quality,Mobile phone,12
5420,5,Nice product but light and,Mobile phone,26
5421,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5422,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5423,5,Nice phone battey cemra,Mobile phone,23
5424,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5425,1,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5426,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5427,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5428,5,performance good,Mobile phone,16
5429,4,Osm,Mobile phone,3
5430,3,Why review a product?.  Deliveredy boy is good.,Mobile phone,47
5431,3,Great phone nyc body look amazing,Mobile phone,33
5432,5,Good not better good,Mobile phone,20
5433,5,VERY NICE PRODUCTS,Mobile phone,18
5434,4,Bad product,Mobile phone,11
5435,4,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5436,5,Product is very very good you must also buy it,Mobile phone,46
5437,5,Battery is not so good,Mobile phone,22
5438,4,Great but not expecting well,Mobile phone,28
5439,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
5440,5,"Good product, it's very nice .",Mobile phone,30
5441,2,Amazing,Mobile phone,7
5442,2,Fabulous product,Mobile phone,16
5443,5,Price worthy product. Good battery back up.,Mobile phone,43
5444,2,No good,Mobile phone,7
5445,2,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
5446,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5447,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5448,5,Nice easy ti use awsome,Mobile phone,23
5449,5,Good q,Mobile phone,6
5450,4,Very good produced valu for many,Mobile phone,32
5451,3,I'm so happy,Mobile phone,12
5452,5,ok 👌,Mobile phone,4
5453,5,Good product 👍,Mobile phone,14
5454,4,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5455,5,Nice collection thank you flipkart,Mobile phone,34
5456,4,"really happy super mobile clear picture,",Mobile phone,40
5457,5,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
5458,5,Excellent mobile... but display brightness is disappointed...,Mobile phone,61
5459,4,Nice products,Mobile phone,13
5460,5,Best phone it is my first shoping from flipkart,Mobile phone,47
5461,4,Super....,Mobile phone,9
5462,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5463,5,I am happy,Mobile phone,10
5464,4,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5465,4,Nice product flipkart,Mobile phone,21
5466,4,Super i,Mobile phone,7
5467,5,Good product and slim and awesome cellphone 📱 body. I like the mobile 📲 phone.,Mobile phone,78
5468,5,Ntg special,Mobile phone,11
5469,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5470,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5471,2,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5472,5,Better choice,Mobile phone,13
5473,5,Its good . Warth of money .,Mobile phone,27
5474,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5475,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5476,5,not a bed but the camera quality is very low ...,Mobile phone,48
5477,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5478,5,Nice product at this price,Mobile phone,26
5479,3,Value for money...best for these price,Mobile phone,38
5480,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5481,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5482,5,Very nice products,Mobile phone,18
5483,4,Low price high performance,Mobile phone,26
5484,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5485,4,Nice...,Mobile phone,7
5486,5,Camera is not good,Mobile phone,18
5487,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5488,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5489,5,Thanks to flipkart and delivery boy,Mobile phone,35
5490,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
5491,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5492,4,Wow Wonderful this Product I enjoy it.,Mobile phone,38
5493,3,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
5494,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5495,5,Not good,Mobile phone,8
5496,5,Good 👍👍👍,Mobile phone,8
5497,4,Good products,Mobile phone,13
5498,3,Wonderful,Mobile phone,9
5499,4,Very nice phone,Mobile phone,15
5500,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5501,5,Waste,Mobile phone,5
5502,1,Vgd phone but camera is not to be good,Mobile phone,38
5503,5,Nice super,Mobile phone,10
5504,5,Good product in this price,Mobile phone,26
5505,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5506,5,Avarage,Mobile phone,7
5507,5,Normal mobile,Mobile phone,13
5508,3,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5509,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5510,5,Nice and be happy,Mobile phone,17
5511,4,Ok ok product...,Mobile phone,16
5512,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5513,4,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5514,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5515,4,Superb,Mobile phone,6
5516,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5517,4,Worth the money spent in this item,Mobile phone,34
5518,3,NYC products,Mobile phone,12
5519,3,Exlent phone,Mobile phone,12
5520,5,Thanks 😊,Mobile phone,8
5521,3,Very good phone,Mobile phone,15
5522,5,Some time mobile is hanging that's all...... everything is ok...,Mobile phone,64
5523,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5524,4,Excellent product . Value for money . Very usefull,Mobile phone,50
5525,4,Classy product,Mobile phone,14
5526,5,Hardcore,Mobile phone,8
5527,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5528,5,very good product,Mobile phone,17
5529,4,Best smartphone I loved it.,Mobile phone,27
5530,4,Love this product,Mobile phone,17
5531,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5532,5,Osm,Mobile phone,3
5533,5,Bad phone,Mobile phone,9
5534,3,Good Product and good service,Mobile phone,29
5535,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5536,5,Not gd,Mobile phone,6
5537,3,Okay,Mobile phone,4
5538,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5539,5,Massttt mobile,Mobile phone,14
5540,2,Good looking,Mobile phone,12
5541,4,Superb,Mobile phone,6
5542,5,Camera not Good but other features better,Mobile phone,41
5543,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
5544,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5545,5,Working is too low,Mobile phone,18
5546,5,Phone geeting hang when it is using,Mobile phone,35
5547,4,Super nice,Mobile phone,10
5548,4,Just ok,Mobile phone,7
5549,4,Very nice quality,Mobile phone,17
5550,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5551,4,Good one,Mobile phone,8
5552,5,Camera quality is very bad. Otherwise okay...,Mobile phone,45
5553,2,Super phone,Mobile phone,11
5554,5,I am happy,Mobile phone,10
5555,5,It's valuable,Mobile phone,13
5556,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5557,5,Good luck,Mobile phone,9
5558,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5559,2,Thanks you flipkart,Mobile phone,19
5560,5,Very nice mobile,Mobile phone,16
5561,5,Fast service good product,Mobile phone,25
5562,5,Good 👍,Mobile phone,6
5563,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5564,5,Nyc phone. no fault good performnace of battery 🔋,Mobile phone,49
5565,5,Very nice money velu,Mobile phone,20
5566,5,Nice look good set,Mobile phone,18
5567,5,Very very good,Mobile phone,14
5568,5,Very Good Mobiles I likes this products............,Mobile phone,51
5569,5,Super super,Mobile phone,11
5570,5,The best product,Mobile phone,16
5571,4,Goods/thank you filipcard,Mobile phone,25
5572,5,Ok S,Mobile phone,4
5573,5,Good mobile phone,Mobile phone,17
5574,5,The product is good.,Mobile phone,20
5575,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5576,5,Superb,Mobile phone,6
5577,5,Nice but too costly,Mobile phone,19
5578,5,Camera it's not ok,Mobile phone,18
5579,5,Awsom,Mobile phone,5
5580,4,Nice👍,Mobile phone,5
5581,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5582,5,Overheating,Mobile phone,11
5583,5,It was very nice products thanku Flipkart,Mobile phone,41
5584,4,Super 👌👍,Mobile phone,8
5585,4,Excellent product quality,Mobile phone,25
5586,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5587,5,So good product,Mobile phone,15
5588,5,Very nice mobile phone I am happy,Mobile phone,33
5589,3,Good product .,Mobile phone,14
5590,4,NICE,Mobile phone,4
5591,5,Selfie camera not ok as per expecting.,Mobile phone,38
5592,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5593,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5594,5,Average,Mobile phone,7
5595,5,The best phone I bought in my life,Mobile phone,34
5596,4,Over all good except camera quality.,Mobile phone,36
5597,5,Exilant,Mobile phone,7
5598,4,Pathetic product with pathetic service,Mobile phone,38
5599,5,Very superb,Mobile phone,11
5600,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5601,5,So nice phone,Mobile phone,13
5602,5,Best but cemera quality is good not best,Mobile phone,40
5603,3,Avarage,Mobile phone,7
5604,5,Totally bad experience.. some days going good but than heating essue come with ending replacement policy day.. Camera very bad picture quality. Don't go for it. Worst of money,Mobile phone,175
5605,1,Very Good,Mobile phone,9
5606,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5607,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5608,5,Good Performance,Mobile phone,16
5609,5,Very nyc Redmi 9 perfomance,Mobile phone,27
5610,3,Worty to money. Delivery is faster.,Mobile phone,35
5611,2,Good,Mobile phone,4
5612,5,We can’t see yellow colour on the screen at all Even When you wear yellow cloths and take a photo it turns in to bottle green colour which makes product ridiculous.,Mobile phone,164
5613,5,Nice product 👍,Mobile phone,14
5614,5,IF YOU ARE CAMERA CENTRIC THEN THIS CAN'T BE YOUR PICK.  This is a budget smartphone. Though canera is not so great its still usefull for basic multitasking....battery is good serves for a day. Good thing is that it comes with dedicated micro and dual sim tray so storage cant be an issue. descent enough for daily usage.,Mobile phone,321
5615,4,Good Quality.. Thank you flipcart,Mobile phone,33
5616,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5617,5,Right now awesome  Wait for my review after 1 month,Mobile phone,51
5618,3,Best product,Mobile phone,12
5619,1,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
5620,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5621,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5622,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5623,5,Nice products,Mobile phone,13
5624,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5625,5,Some time mobile use hang problem,Mobile phone,33
5626,3,Nyss,Mobile phone,4
5627,4,My sister love it thank you flipkart 😀,Mobile phone,38
5628,4,everage,Mobile phone,7
5629,5,Camera isn't good enough..!! Otherwise it's ok 🤠,Mobile phone,48
5630,5,Excellent phone in this price segment.,Mobile phone,38
5631,5,As usual MI standard is maintained,Mobile phone,34
5632,3,Value of many,Mobile phone,13
5633,5,𝙂𝙤𝙤𝙙,Mobile phone,4
5634,5,Osm body android really nice amazing tnq flip card,Mobile phone,50
5635,3,"Very good for user friendly ,and simply super ...",Mobile phone,49
5636,3,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
5637,5,good,Mobile phone,4
5638,4,It's amazing,Mobile phone,12
5639,4,Good quality .,Mobile phone,14
5640,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5641,5,Happy,Mobile phone,5
5642,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5643,4,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5644,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
5645,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5646,5,Average Quality,Mobile phone,15
5647,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5648,5,Super phone,Mobile phone,11
5649,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5650,3,Yeah very nice,Mobile phone,14
5651,5,Good Product,Mobile phone,12
5652,5,I loved it,Mobile phone,10
5653,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
5654,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5655,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5656,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5657,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5658,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5659,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5660,5,Good performance,Mobile phone,16
5661,3,"I brought 2 month before and not feeling well with this phone, as battery is worst.",Mobile phone,83
5662,5,Product is good but I faced a issue.camera is not so good,Mobile phone,57
5663,5,Very smart phone,Mobile phone,16
5664,4,Nice and super,Mobile phone,14
5665,5,Nice mobile good,Mobile phone,16
5666,4,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5667,4,Superb mobile Thanks flipkart,Mobile phone,29
5668,1,Nice 👌,Mobile phone,6
5669,4,very Good....,Mobile phone,13
5670,3,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5671,4,Superior,Mobile phone,8
5672,2,Product was excellent... I am very happy to get that product.... Thank you flipkart.....,Mobile phone,88
5673,5,I recieved a refurbished mobile.. It is getting automatically switched off & on while speaking. Sound also going off in between.,Mobile phone,128
5674,5,Nice pic,Mobile phone,8
5675,5,Absolutely phone,Mobile phone,16
5676,5,Nice but camera is not good,Mobile phone,27
5677,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5678,5,Only switch off on mobile,Mobile phone,25
5679,5,Good at this price point,Mobile phone,24
5680,1,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5681,5,Super dupper,Mobile phone,12
5682,5,Its oky typ,Mobile phone,11
5683,3,Camera And Brightness Are Absolutely Useless,Mobile phone,44
5684,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5685,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
5686,5,in this phone many android application are not work properly,Mobile phone,60
5687,4,Wow....,Mobile phone,7
5688,5,Thanks 😊😊😊,Mobile phone,10
5689,5,Wonder product,Mobile phone,14
5690,2,good product,Mobile phone,12
5691,3,ok,Mobile phone,2
5692,5,very good,Mobile phone,9
5693,1,I not got headset,Mobile phone,17
5694,3,Not a west of money Good quality...,Mobile phone,35
5695,4,Very nice good quality,Mobile phone,22
5696,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5697,5,Value for money..,Mobile phone,17
5698,5,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5699,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5700,3,Nice Product,Mobile phone,12
5701,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5702,5,Overall Budget product.,Mobile phone,23
5703,5,Dont buy it. Dont support video call directly google speak not working properly. Hats this product.,Mobile phone,99
5704,5,Okok,Mobile phone,4
5705,3,Value for money,Mobile phone,15
5706,5,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
5707,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5708,5,1. Normal short phone charger 2. Camara average 3. Battery average 4. Phone look good 5. 11k high,Mobile phone,97
5709,4,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5710,1,Very nice products,Mobile phone,18
5711,4,Totally awesome,Mobile phone,15
5712,5,Thank you,Mobile phone,9
5713,3,This is bests mobile,Mobile phone,20
5714,4,Nice Product  Thanks❤🌹❤😊😊,Mobile phone,25
5715,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5716,5,Simply superb value for money,Mobile phone,29
5717,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5718,5,Amazing mobile with this price,Mobile phone,30
5719,4,Nice phon 👌👌👌,Mobile phone,13
5720,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5721,5,Super,Mobile phone,5
5722,5,Good product In this price range,Mobile phone,32
5723,5,Best mobile,Mobile phone,11
5724,5,Awesome ✌✌👍👍,Mobile phone,12
5725,4,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
5726,4,A Good and fantastic phone......,Mobile phone,32
5727,5,Worst mobile in this range ....,Mobile phone,31
5728,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5729,3,Good,Mobile phone,4
5730,5,Camera performance is very poor,Mobile phone,31
5731,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5732,4,Not bad,Mobile phone,7
5733,5,Very bad,Mobile phone,8
5734,1,Supper kanakaraju,Mobile phone,17
5735,5,Wonderful product,Mobile phone,17
5736,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5737,1,Super product must buy Camera clarity is awesome,Mobile phone,48
5738,3,Better,Mobile phone,6
5739,3,I like it,Mobile phone,9
5740,1,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5741,5,One Of The Best Mobile Flipkart 🥰👍👏❤️❤️🙏🙏😘😘😘💯💯💯💯 BEST DELIVERY,Mobile phone,62
5742,5,Average mobile,Mobile phone,14
5743,5,Very bad product in this price,Mobile phone,30
5744,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5745,5,Excellent..,Mobile phone,11
5746,5,No mobile Cover,Mobile phone,15
5747,3,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5748,5,Nice phn..,Mobile phone,10
5749,4,Awesome👏✊👍,Mobile phone,10
5750,2,Good products,Mobile phone,13
5751,5,"I got this phone yesterday. Redmi 9 the phone looks good and I also love it, only one thing disappointed me it's camera is very poor quality . All thing is great in this price range many companies are giving type C charging with 18 watt charger but it's only USB port with 10 watt charger. Redmi should improve the quality in this price range. My last phone I purchased Redmi 7S one year ago in 9000 price range then I got type C charging faculty but now I pay 9450 but I got USB port with normal ...",Mobile phone,500
5752,4,Best mobile. 4 GB RAM(64 GB ROM. 16. 59 cm(6. 53 inch)HD+Display. 13MP+2MP Print camera. 5000 mAh Battery (fingerprint mobile),Mobile phone,126
5753,5,NICE 👍👍😎,Mobile phone,8
5754,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5755,5,Nice good,Mobile phone,9
5756,5,Very nice phone,Mobile phone,15
5757,5,Good Product,Mobile phone,12
5758,4,good mobail,Mobile phone,11
5759,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5760,5,Thanks,Mobile phone,6
5761,5,Good looking,Mobile phone,12
5762,3,Ok,Mobile phone,2
5763,5,Bad phone,Mobile phone,9
5764,4,Thanks,Mobile phone,6
5765,4,Great,Mobile phone,5
5766,5,Fine quality,Mobile phone,12
5767,5,Good quality,Mobile phone,12
5768,5,Valuable phone good for this price camera is too good.,Mobile phone,54
5769,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5770,2,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5771,5,Camera very poor. All other things are ok. Good value for money,Mobile phone,63
5772,5,Offline store good price 9900 online price 10685. Poor don't buy all customers please help store not buy Flipkart sides give me return payment 699 return,Mobile phone,153
5773,4,Good phone,Mobile phone,10
5774,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5775,5,This is nice mobile,Mobile phone,19
5776,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5777,5,Tq flipkart,Mobile phone,11
5778,5,good,Mobile phone,4
5779,1,Value for money product..,Mobile phone,25
5780,5,Very bad back camera clearity,Mobile phone,29
5781,5,Very good product,Mobile phone,17
5782,5,Camera quality is not good.,Mobile phone,27
5783,4,Super mobile Very nice Good product,Mobile phone,35
5784,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5785,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5786,5,Very nice,Mobile phone,9
5787,1,Good phone and i just loved ur fastest delivery ❤,Mobile phone,49
5788,5,Dont buy this product totally weste of money. Camera clarity is too poor. Return request rejected by flipcart.,Mobile phone,110
5789,3,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
5790,5,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5791,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5792,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5793,5,Nice products,Mobile phone,13
5794,5,Super monile,Mobile phone,12
5795,1,Super product,Mobile phone,13
5796,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5797,5,Goog quality,Mobile phone,12
5798,5,Camera quality is very poor.,Mobile phone,28
5799,5,Camera quality is too low,Mobile phone,25
5800,5,It's very bad quality Please don't buy tha mobile,Mobile phone,49
5801,5,Nice phone,Mobile phone,10
5802,5,Average,Mobile phone,7
5803,5,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5804,5,Everything is ok but i didn't got back pauch,Mobile phone,44
5805,1,I bought the mobile at rs 8500 for my relative. Best phone in this price segment. No issue has not been found till now.,Mobile phone,119
5806,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5807,1,Nice product,Mobile phone,12
5808,4,Supernatural,Mobile phone,12
5809,5,Awesome...value for money .,Mobile phone,27
5810,5,Osm phn,Mobile phone,7
5811,4,V. Good mobile,Mobile phone,14
5812,4,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5813,5,Good product verry less price.,Mobile phone,30
5814,4,Nice one,Mobile phone,8
5815,5,It's good,Mobile phone,9
5816,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5817,5,Nice one .but camera may be more better for this price.. and no back cover in this box..that shoud be given,Mobile phone,107
5818,5,Iam happy 😊,Mobile phone,11
5819,5,Awesome,Mobile phone,7
5820,5,Luks gud and have a great sound quality,Mobile phone,39
5821,4,Don't buy this product. U get very good product in this price in other brand.,Mobile phone,77
5822,4,Good phone at this price.,Mobile phone,25
5823,5,One minus mark. its not handy as its a little bit on the heavier side,Mobile phone,69
5824,4,Super,Mobile phone,5
5825,5,Excellent product and safe delivered my product but the let delivery.,Mobile phone,69
5826,4,Good quality and osm product,Mobile phone,28
5827,5,Budget phone,Mobile phone,12
5828,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
5829,4,Nice super,Mobile phone,10
5830,4,Good,Mobile phone,4
5831,4,Nice Product,Mobile phone,12
5832,5,Awesome mobile,Mobile phone,14
5833,5,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5834,3,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5835,3,I LOVE THIS ITEM'S,Mobile phone,18
5836,4,Worst ever don't but MI products really disappointed,Mobile phone,52
5837,4,Camera not good,Mobile phone,15
5838,3,Camera is not good but all👌👌,Mobile phone,28
5839,5,Best mobile under this price ever,Mobile phone,33
5840,5,Low budget mobile awesome,Mobile phone,25
5841,5,I m very disappointed bcz it's made in China product & camera not so good,Mobile phone,73
5842,5,Not the phone I expected. Camera quality is pathetic.,Mobile phone,53
5843,1,Very good,Mobile phone,9
5844,3,"Very good and best fone in this prise Nice camera and long life battery backup ,,",Mobile phone,81
5845,4,Excellent,Mobile phone,9
5846,5,Phone is hanging it's not worth its getting switched off itself,Mobile phone,63
5847,5,"That' really worthy. Real comfy feel. Nice performance. Except the camera, it's good. It has the worst camera I have seen in my life. It's just fast. Fingerprint sensor is very fast.",Mobile phone,182
5848,3,Good product,Mobile phone,12
5849,2,Camera bed is not satisfied,Mobile phone,27
5850,5,Nice,Mobile phone,4
5851,5,Good,Mobile phone,4
5852,5,Osm products,Mobile phone,12
5853,1,Good,Mobile phone,4
5854,5,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
5855,5,Good👍,Mobile phone,5
5856,2,The phone is good but the camera is poor...,Mobile phone,43
5857,4,"Very fast deliver, at an unexpected time, but thank to flipkart for a good service.",Mobile phone,83
5858,4,Nice mobile,Mobile phone,11
5859,5,Very unprofessional behaviour shown by flipkart. Bad experience with flipkart... Phone is ok,Mobile phone,92
5860,4,This is good low budget phone. But after a heavy work UI gets 1sec delay. This device is only for simple works.,Mobile phone,111
5861,4,The product comes with a warranty card for one year and spare ear protectors. The sound just enough for one to get into the world of music. The bass of the sound takes the whole thing to another level. A nice product by boat in an affordable price. Thanku🤗,Mobile phone,256
5862,5,It's Simply Awesome..!! Do Try this BASS HEADS 103... A Product of BOAT.... Nice at this Price Range.. It's Light & Comfortable.. If you love BASS then you'll definitely love this Product!!,Mobile phone,189
5863,4,Awesome product.. i received it earlier than the date of delivery and believe me it amazed me from the very first day if usage... I loved it,Mobile phone,140
5864,3,Colour is awesome... God's grace I'm lucky to have it in this lock down... Very good service... Totally superb 😊👍,Mobile phone,113
5865,5,"Super product ..Again I am writing this review ..As my experience Boat is a best company. It stated that it will work upto 1 year but in my personal experience it lasts upto 1year 4 months...Again I am buying this Ear phones...For mi phone the sound quality was awesome. It has warranty card upto 1 year , and 2 pairs of ear buds. Super fast delivery in lock down. Thank you flipkart.. For delivery boy 5/5 ratings he was so good and kind in nature...",Mobile phone,451
5866,1,So here I want to mention that this earphones are better than boAt bass heads 100 and it's very comfortable to wear ... I have been using that headphones around 4 months but it's very comfortable than that and it has magnet inside it ... I would prefer you to buy this product so go ahead and buy ... And thank you Flipkart and boAt for giving us such an amazing product ...,Mobile phone,374
5867,4,very Good Product with enough bass..and nice design and looks..compair to another 500 and 700rs headphone..I recommend pls buy and check sound..u will love it..really,Mobile phone,166
5868,5,Great product in the price range. Decent sound quality with moderate bass. Noice cancellation is below average. Good microphone for making calls. Fit in th ear perfectly.,Headphone,170
5869,5,Great product in a very good price range. Light weight and Perfect sound quality with Perfect Bass..... #Basshead... Thn after that noise cancellation of this earphone is avaragewhich is quite impressive. Good microphone for talking. Fit in ear properly. Overally this product satisfy me very much.... I love💖 BOAT... 'THANK YOU',Headphone,329
5870,4,It's a nice product for the price good sound quality and also it maintains a good bass also but it not suitable for play pubg very deficult to spot enimes mi basic headset is better for play pubg at this price range,Headphone,215
5871,5,These earphones are pretty basic yet they fail to provide the bare minimum one expects from budget oriented earphones. Boat is known for its bass and sturdy built quality and both were missing in this model. The wire length of the earphones are small and doesn't provide the extra freedom to move whem plugged in. BOTTOM LINE put few more bucks and go for basshead 225 or 220 or if you are short on cash Flipkart smart buy basic earphones are still better than this one.,Headphone,470
5872,5,"Am using MI earphones which is available almost for the same price. I used them upto two years, they were still performing well, base and voice quality. But I lost them, so I thought to order them again, but watching all the reviews I bought this earphones. These earphones are very disappointing. There is no proper lock-in , and during calls you can't hear other people's voice clearly, and they are too much loud, unbearable to ears, even if we adjusted low volume in our mobile. Earphone outl...",Headphone,499
5873,5,"Bro, if are thinking to choose this one or not. I will recommend you 100% excellent product. For Pubg, music games and movies.. For all. You can hear every single beat bass, treble and vocal crystal clear. Love it.",Headphone,214
5874,5,This is my 4th earphone from boat its is really good it have really good bass but not that much punchy and deep but good enough good highs also good for pubg lovers like me it is made up of plastic then also it doesn't look like one Pros: good bass and highs Good material used for making Soft silicone earbuds you can use it for long time Dedicated mic  Cons: No tangles free cable you will feel that it will get damaged easily No volume control buttons You will notice some distortion in ...,Headphone,493
5875,4,"Pros- 1. Sound quality real good. 2. Clarity is very good 3. Bass is medium, doesn't affect sound quality. 4. Light weight and fit nicely in ears. Cons- 1. Build quality is cheap. Very tender",Headphone,191
5876,5,Super quality earphones from boost. Just shifted from boat rockerzz 400 and was looking for a budget earphones. This worked for me. 1. Superb audio quality 2.Brilliant for Pubg 3. Great bass 4. No need to tell about styling.... Boat always rock,Headphone,244
5877,5,"I am writing this review after using this earphone close to 3 months. The sound quality is superb. The wire length is enough for use. Also the wire quality is good as it doesn't get tangled quickly (even if it does, it is very easy to untangle again). At this price, this is the best earphone I find.",Headphone,300
5878,2,"My rating is all according price to performance. For price what is offered is great. Good Sound, High & Low. But if you've budget then go for JBL basic earphones which is better than this. But you're in very tight budget then this is great earphones.",Headphone,250
5879,1,"I am not giving one more star Beacuse of the delivery boy.. Otherwise the sound clarity, bass is just Awsome.. Loved it and go for it.. Thank you flipkart for the best product in less price.. 👍",Headphone,193
5880,5,The bass and Build Quality is very good the sound could be better though as other products in this price does have better sound.,Headphone,128
5881,5,Superb product . And the delivery person is also deliver the product very nicely . Thank you Flipkart . ?,Headphone,105
5882,4,Bass is awesome with very good quality of sound If ur the music lover go for the boAt,Headphone,85
5883,5,Nothing is better Friends I am telling u go for it if you want to buy a good headphone it’s worth every penny. The voice never comes out if you are talking to some one. And the sound and base quality is so good guys I don’t know about expensive headphones but I am telling you that try it if you want a good head phone the quality is unmatched,Headphone,343
5884,5,Good product..... Nice sound and Bass quality...... Very easy to wear...... Looking very stylish........ Amazing products,Headphone,121
5885,4,Best in class....I got it at 399rs. Sound quality is superb. Few days ago i brought boult loop but it's not like boat. So go for it blindly. Worth each penny.,Headphone,158
5886,4,boAt Basshead 103 Is beautiful design ... Poweful Bass & cleane Sound ..... Value of money .... JBL C50hi Product design is not so good .... Nice product .. Nice & Beautiful bass and beat ..... boAt Bassheads 103,Headphone,212
5887,4,The bass is excellent ? and the quality is very good and the audio is amazing.And THANKS to Flipkart for very fast delivery.This earphone is best bugget earphone.,Headphone,162
5888,5,Extraordinarily powerful Great bass Defenetey recommended for gaming Mi and Sony must be ready for great competition. ..,Headphone,120
5889,5,Best in this price range.... You can buy this with all trust closing your eyes... And Super fast delivery.,Headphone,106
5890,5,"1. Light weight earphone. 2.build quality is good feels like plastic. 3.bass is superb. 4. Sound quality is very clear as compared to Bluetooth headphone. 5. At this price range, it can easily beat the realme earphone n etc...",Headphone,226
5891,5,"Best earphones for general use. Balanced bass, clear audio, mic is pretty good. Recommended quality. Satisfied",Headphone,110
5892,5,After using 20 days this sets of headsets seems to be nice one. Good sound quality than of boult wooden earphone. Good bass and batter adjustability In ears. Can usable with laptop at high volume and sound remain neat and clear. With phone its just good at all. Mic performance is very good. designing pattern gives an edge to this headsets in terms of adjustable and stability in ears. Cable quality is also good.,Headphone,414
5893,5,wow ! great Superb sound quality nd suerb bass very good product thanks Flipkart,Headphone,80
5894,5,Under 400 rupees this is the best earphone. It is come with 1 year warranty. Sound quality is very good at this price range. Comportable for ear and comportable for long use. I like very much this earphone.,Headphone,206
5895,5,Too Good earphone boat thank you for it bass is too good and battery backup is also good just joking it's wired earphone go for it worth for money,Headphone,146
5896,5,"First i want to thanks flipkart to give amazing product at 360 rs. This earphone is very lightweight and supper sound, I'm a bass lover and it has average bass but i am satisfied with this product.",Headphone,197
5897,5,"My brother using boat headphones from a while, and he has a great experience. So I thought to buy this and I was right, the sound quality, build quality is awesome along with a nice packaging. I must say this is the best in this price segment. *must buy*",Headphone,254
5898,4,product is nice & better sound quality not much good but it can be worth it .,Headphone,77
5899,5,Most adorable product..The sound quality is superb..Cheap and best in reasonable price..Got it for 375 in the biggest savings sale..Thanks flipkart..Amazing boat,Headphone,161
5900,5,1.Mind blowing sound quality. Bass is awesome.  2.Nice design comfortable for your ears.  3.strong 135° L shaped jack best for your pocket.  4.Microphone quality is not so good.  5.One year manufacturing warranty  6.Value for money.  I recomand you to buy it positively.  Nice behavior of delivery boy. Thank you flipkart to send it me in just 2 days.,Headphone,351
5901,5,Perfect Headset for the price. Excellent sound quality with attractive design. Just loved it ♥️ Flipkart delivery is so fast... !!!,Headphone,131
5902,5,Amazing sound quality design is very good impressive magnetic lock 🤘👍👌I love it,Headphone,79
5903,5,"This earphones has really good sound clarity and bass has a good punch, do not keep very high expectations considering the price of these headphones. I'm really impressed with these earphones. Good to buy if you are on a tight budget.",Headphone,234
5904,4,sound equality and bass is good .. compare to any other boat earphone in this price level this model is very easy to use and comfortable on ear's. but its mike is not up to the level of other features.. we want keep the mike close to our mouth for a better sound..,Headphone,264
5905,5,When compared to boat 100 this is in next level..bass quality is awesome at this price  And trust me this is extremely good for gaming and Music lovers  Totally penny worth products ...........######.........,Headphone,208
5906,5,Awesome headphone nice music bass and also nice song. I loved it.😍,Headphone,66
5907,5,It is very good product. Boat is obviously a very good brand. I love it.,Headphone,72
5908,5,"Under 500 this is one of the best earphones I have ever used. I hope it will deliver as I expected. Till now, I'm completely satisfied with the product. The mic works crisp and clear. Sound output quality is fine. overall, a nice product for day to daay use.",Headphone,258
5909,5,"Bass is ok , sound clarity is fine , amazing design . superb and value for money . Go for it.",Headphone,93
5910,5,not too much good but average sound quality...i think boat bass 100 is better than this product.....so i think best boat 100 is beat....,Headphone,136
5911,5,"most of the people are telling that this has a bad bass, but from my opinion I would say the bass is decently good. On the other hand, the overall sound quality is just OK, and treble is NOT very good. Build is pure plastic, nothing premium but good to go. The earpieces fit pretty well in my ear, and the shape of it does preety nice job blocking the background noise.  In the end, I would suggest this to any normal day to day user, who are in need for a earphone to use while travelling or som...",Headphone,499
5912,5,"My review after 10 days..the sound clarity is good not that much I expected,but bass (boom boom) is rocking.The overall design is good,I like the colours they given..Packing was good and thanks flipkart for the fast delivery within 1 day of ordering.",Headphone,250
5913,5,Good product superb quality sound it's ok nice and bass is very awesome thanks to flipkart and boat company thanks 💓,Headphone,116
5914,5,"Everything is good in this earphone It's build quality, look,weight, wire, design This all are mind blowing But it's sound quality is not better than mi basic earphone I have both mi basic and boat bass heads 103 and when I compared both of them then I found that mi basic is better option in this price range But overall this earphone is also good 👍👍👍",Headphone,352
5915,5,Nice product with good sound ...But not a awesome one  Worth for Rs:300- 350 /- not more than that..,Headphone,100
5916,4,I had a lot of trust with this brand but it is just like other earphones..I handled a lot with care but still one earpiece is not working just like any other brands..oly 6 months it worked well showing 1 year warranty,Headphone,217
5917,4,"The best earphones i had, it has been 2 months of use now N, still runs the way it was on the first day. Excellent quality and bass, the built quality is also commentable..the design provides a much better noice cancellation too ...",Headphone,232
5918,4,The quality is very good compared to other earphones of this range. It's quite easy to handle. I loved this.,Headphone,108
5919,4,Nice product sound is good mic good happy with boAt,Headphone,51
5920,5,Just awesome earphone...😍I was gifted to my husband for our anniversary...it was really really good product...he is soo happy with this product...sound quality & bass are best in this price..Thanku flipkart for this lovely headset..❤,Headphone,233
5921,4,"Amazing product really liked it, but I felt the design could be better as it's little bit uncomfortable while using.overall it's a great choice to buy it.",Headphone,154
5922,5,wow boom bass cool angel jack good comfort wear. awesome still after few months still enjoying it cool,Headphone,102
5923,3,Awesome headset in this price segment. Overall good with sound quality & built quality. It fits in ear perfectly because of the unique design.,Headphone,142
5924,5,"Very Good product and Good Bass sound ,, super quality .. Boat is always good product...,, Pouch is not inside the package why not given the pouch inside package.. ,,this is only one mistake but otherwise super product..",Headphone,220
5925,5,"Super headphones👌👌👌 from boat company sound is not much high, this sound system is enough for us to enjoy the music bass is super overall I am giving 5/5 rating",Headphone,160
5926,5,The sound quality of my boat earphone deserves a 9/10 rating. For design I'll give it 8/10 rating. Comfort in ears 9/10 material 8/10 So overall it is a good product at this price range. I've used many other earphones in this price range but none of them satisfied me like this did.,Headphone,282
5927,5,"I am a regular use of this headphone and the sound is good , length is very good and the buds size are very comfortable to use I like it",Headphone,136
5928,5,it's have very good sound quality it best surrounding sound and week base but satisfying. flipkert claims that it has magnet but fake else the best and best in ta 287,Headphone,166
5929,5,"Excellent Quality, Amazing Design, Bass Quality is super excellent, amazing of BoAt earphone. Very Fast delivery in Lockdown. I'll recommend to buy this earphone. I'm happy with this. 😊❤️  Again, Thank you flipkart. ❤️",Headphone,218
5930,4,Good earphone in budget and good sound quality And also good distinguished between left and right for pubg,Headphone,106
5931,5,"Earphones are decent... bassheads they says but trust me its not at all bass heavy.. that's truly annoying.. fitting of earbuds is not that good at first but later u get used to it... sound quality is more than average but not what i was expecting from it... so i would say ""mi basic "" is a better option available for 399.. thx",Headphone,328
5932,5,Bass clarity is good but sound clarity I'm not satisfied,Headphone,56
5933,5,Super headset and super bass and super super design and it is very nice sound,Headphone,77
5934,5,good quality with sound and bass build quality should have been better and by thinking price point it is good and best for long hours use also it's too good buy a pouch to safe guard and for longtime use of headset. I will rate as best headset till I use,Headphone,254
5935,4,Looks and sounds good. Under 349 it's a value for money product. Love it. Itcan much better but yeah its a good product.,Headphone,120
5936,4,"Awesome product by boat good design good sound quality , Highly recommend 🙃",Headphone,75
5937,5,Awesome product Sound quality is very good Not as good as mi earphones but very good In discription it says sweat proof but I accidentally drop this in washing Machine 😂 It was in machine for at least 2 hr but still there was no problem found in headset So u can say that it is waterproof Highly recommended Value for money,Headphone,323
5938,4,Perfect bass and sound quality for me. Before this earphone I used to use JBL. To be honest I didn't regard at all after purchase this BoAt product. 4.5 out of 5 for me.,Headphone,169
5939,5,"Guys I am writing this review after 2 months after testing both Boat 100 and Boat 103, Boat 100 is good but Boat 103 is just outstanding they have very good quality of sound and build quality is also vary good. Go for Boat 103 Guys...",Headphone,234
5940,5,Very nice headphone 😛 sound quality very nice and bass awesome 😛 design is very nice,Headphone,84
5941,5,This headphones is comfortable fitting and sound was good bass 👌 nice product nice sound comfort design...,Headphone,106
5942,3,nice earphones with good sound quality and good bass..... really loved it...,Headphone,76
5943,5,"the sound quality and the bass is really good, the clarity of sound is as comparable with the apple earpods that comes with the iPhone, I was in dire need for such an earphone that sounded just like apple earpods but also shouldn't be heavy on my pocket. inshort great sound quality, good design and bang for the buck. go for it.",Headphone,329
5944,5,"Nice headset, totally satisfied with the design, color and quality of material. Would recommend others to try and enjoy the music. I purchased this after searching and comparing many headset available in market and after getting the best price, ordered the same at INR 399.00 only.",Headphone,281
5945,5,Best earphone go for it guys...just loved it perfect sound perfect bass..best for pubg players.,Headphone,95
5946,5,Best in this segment . Excellent sound clarity. The design and built strength of cable and headphones is superb. Thanks to Flipkart for making it available in discount price.,Headphone,174
5947,5,it's very nice product...boat... lovely.... Delivered person be nice approach...and All friends.. so many everyone people ask unknown blady silly question talk to report it...then working delivery person be tension and management pressure ....money will come today go tomorrow good relationship be good friend ship...and good family don't miss good staffs...find approach keep the way of life...LiFe is very sHorT and simPle ...,Headphone,428
5948,4,"Very good sound quality, Bass is also good. But it's cable is absolutely not durable. Simple rubber cable from top to bottom. There should be braided cable provided. That's why 1 star is deducted. Otherwise it's superb. Enjoy the music.",Headphone,236
5949,5,"1.its song quality is very good. 2. its bass is very good with the support of dolby atmos it is performing very well. 3.it is build quality is not upto the grade because the earbuds are at 45°. 4.it's logo is hiding as it is so small, which i don't prefer from boat. 5.But it's mic plays an impressive job as it sound recognition is just awesome. 6.noise cancellation is decent 7. Only 2 pair of earbuds are given extra 8. If you compare wit boat basehead 220 vs basehead 103 , obviously 220 win a...",Headphone,500
5950,5,fabulous product at this price point. great sound clarity and bass is awesome,Headphone,77
5951,5,The design is good and attractive but sound is like an ordinary earphone.. there is no bass at all...,Headphone,101
5952,5,good but not the best compared to mi ear phones ...this ear phone has a minimum base but mi is best under 500 and the volume and base is great,Headphone,142
5953,4,"It’s for better sound not for music, at this price point with no extra delivery fee I believe we deserve this. I would recommend these earphones for them who have someone at home ready to annoy with TikTok (or any similar kind of) videos on speaker. But strictly not for music.  It has mic with play pause button which also work for answering and dropping calls. Double click would skip song and triple would go to previous song.",Headphone,429
5954,5,good earphones not the best but good according to price got them at Rs 399/- couldn't find better at this price. any suggestion please comment,Headphone,142
5955,4,Very good product.. Clear sound plus nice bass.. Just love it 😍❤️,Headphone,65
5956,5,For design is look very good. For sound it's not as good as i was expecting very low sound of headset. I thought that sound will much better than previous headset but it's very very low sound. I guess not to buy if you loved to leasing high volumes sounds.,Headphone,256
5957,5,Looking good with sound quality is awesome and it is made by good rubber material..i ordered it for my Jaan and she is told to me thank you so much & I love you.. Thank you flipkart...,Headphone,184
5958,1,"You can get really a good experience with this earphones. Good bass, good quality material is used with magnetic buds. Overall the best one for 365 rupees.",Headphone,155
5959,4,Just an okayish Bass and Sound Quality. Better alternative available in the market. The pricing is okay but the bass is not so thumping. Looks good.Design is also good,Headphone,167
5960,2,"The best earphones available for the price of Rs. 399/- Though i compared them with Mi Basic Earphones which are priced around Rs.450/- and it couldn't match the level of Mi Earphones but.. still it's a good purchase, ok for basic usage !!",Headphone,239
5961,4,very good bass quality and really it is very good i cant express my feelings just order and try it. and it is also value for money product. I AM SO IMPRESSIVE,Headphone,158
5962,5,It is a good product the sound sync is good but the sound and bass is not that great,Headphone,84
5963,2,"Have been using this earphone for 6 months now. Good for rough and tough usage as well, worth for this prize. boAt earphones are coming very good now days.",Headphone,155
5964,5,Build quality is ok ok....plastic build quality and no left or right is mentioned on earbuds.. Sound qualtiy is above average but mids are not soo clear... Bass is excellent....it gives u the thumping effect Overall its a nice product according to price.. And Flipkart's delivery is best,Headphone,287
5965,5,Product is not that much good. It's like average and bass is low and sound is not clear . Sounds like song play in big Hall and u leasting that of sound.,Headphone,153
5966,3,review by Alredy having many branded headphones  According to price- Build quality is good but Poor ear buds need change 10/7 not Clear Vocals(like crystal clear)are below average 10/6 Bass is good(but not punchy bass) but acceptable 10/8 Perfect fits in ears and comfortable & light weight 10/10  better option Alternate Price_ Mi basic is better than this(basshead 103) infinity(Jbl) 20 is better than this boult audio is better than this,Headphone,440
5967,5,Don’t expect base from boat. Quality of built is not as expected looks like cheaper headset. Audio quality is low. Mi basic headset is better than boat,Headphone,151
5968,5,Not worth the money.Go for sony mdr for pubg and music.It is not comfortable and sounds like cheap earphones.Using sony Mdr15 is a lot better than this for 2 years,Headphone,163
5969,4,It is one of the best earephone from boAt .The sound quality is very good..The stile of the earephone is best and the branding of boAt is very good mostly the black colour good ..The plug point is golden coloured..In my opinion it is a best earephone...And the microphone is very good ..It has a magnetic effect in both speaker.Its ware was so much good...So I give 5 star,Headphone,372
5970,5,"This is my 2nd purchase of same headset from Boat... Really loved the voice clarity & bass... Genuine product nd Value for money.... Highly Recommended to alllll...... Instead of buying cheaper headsets, directly go for Boat....",Headphone,228
5971,4,"It's good, the magnets works well in keeping it tidy when not in use but the volume quality is low and over all not a really great quality, but pricing point it's ok...",Headphone,168
5972,3,"You get high bass,but quality of audio is not good as compared to same price(not same but 50 RS less than this )boult.the earpiece are well adjusted in the ear and it gives more comfort.At this price point this is more than enough. If u want a earphones with good bass then this will be the right choice.",Headphone,304
5973,2,It is really value for money it sounds really good. I love the design it fits really well Best quality.,Headphone,103
5974,2,The boat bassheads 103 black wired headset is a good product the sound quality is good bass is also good.build quality is good enough. The main plus point of this headset is it comes with a 1year warranty card inside the box i am literally very much happy with this headset. The delivery was estimated on 26th of july but i got this headset delivered one day before the estimated date. The delivery boy was polite and good in talking thank you to the delivery boy. And thank you flipkart,Headphone,487
5975,1,"Must have these earphone if you love to listen music all the time, they are so good in sound, lightweight, strong build and everything a earphone should have the best.",Headphone,167
5976,5,Nice product. but sound Quality is little bit not good like boat 225 . But build Quality and Fitting is perfect,Headphone,111
5977,5,Nice sound Bass was awesome in 385 rs cost... In low price u can choose this best quality,Headphone,89
5978,3,Good product with satisfying treble and superb base. Amazing product under 400.,Headphone,79
5979,4,Delivery is before time it's really should be appreciated for such a quick delivery and also the delivery Boy is humble and gentle guy... overall the product is great with good bass and great design..one thing which I like the most is the jack of the earphone which is very nicely design to give comfort to your hand..,Headphone,318
5980,4,"This is best headphones I everyone used. Amazingly light weight, and super comfortable on ears. You will rarely notice this on your ware, just bcz of wires.",Headphone,156
5981,5,"It's Awesome , Great Bass and Sound Clearing. PUBG player's must go for it. Realme users may not able to use Left & Right Separate feature , wait for update.",Headphone,157
5982,5,Nice and clear sound...does not tangle much. Bass Is good. Works nicely while doing video calls or phone calls. Red colour looks good.At this price worth a buy.,Headphone,160
5983,5,"Well fit in ear. Bass excellent than mi basic Sound quality good , better than mi basic.  If u r comparing mi basic and boat 103, i choose boat.",Headphone,144
5984,5,Boat Basshead 103 black wired Head set has best quality as well as cherished with beauty,Headphone,88
5985,5,it wont fit in your ear properly ...and it is not suitable for phone calls as it makes only bass but no sounds.... ideal for music,Headphone,130
5986,5,Excellent piece at this price the angular heads just fit in your ears so perfectly and sound is awesome !! One of the best products from boats,Headphone,142
5987,5,"have 500 rupees?,want gud earphones...close ur eyes nd just go for boat they will offer you best sound quality at this price and even above it.Its my personal opinion,I had both akg,nokia,jbl earphones but none of them offers me experience like boat!!! Im posting my review after half an year and they r still like new with both working and same audio output and mic input!!,so they are damn durable because the way i use my earphone i dont think anyone else can use them more badly!!!",Headphone,485
5988,5,Nice product... I love it... Sound quality is very nice also the design is very good looking,Headphone,92
5989,5,Thank u Flipkart... Very fast delivery within 4 days in village area.... And afterall product is also awesome having pleasant sound and good bass also...❣️❣️ Overall happy from the product,Headphone,188
5990,5,Good sound quality but should be more good if you want to buy good product in low budget then you can go for it,Headphone,111
5991,4,Its Awesome it is an amazing product and it satisfy the company boat absolutely worth it...,Headphone,91
5992,2,Thanks for the fast delivery.... The product is better than i thought.... I loved red. but black looks perfect with this model.,Headphone,127
5993,5,Awesome product.... finally i get what i want thank you soo much flipkart. Sound quality... superb . Bass is great.... love it.,Headphone,127
5994,5,"clear cut sound , nice colour... good quality. best of price",Headphone,60
5995,5,"Awesome product in affordable price. Good looks and sound quality is also great. Fastest delivery by Flipkart. I ordered it yesterday, and got my product today. Fully satisfied by the service given by Flipkart.",Headphone,210
5996,4,Not good for playing pubg. Fit is good in ear.Built quality is good Overall a good product for song listeners. But bass also some how overpower treble.,Headphone,151
5997,4,Good and best clarity of sound in best price,Headphone,44
5998,5,"Very light weight earphones, sounds good enough for the price. The build quality is not the best but what else can you expect at this price range, you can't pay for a Fiat & expect to get a Ferrari, so I'm satisfied with this.",Headphone,226
5999,4,The deal was really nice even this tough time of covid 19 the dilevery was very nice . Appreciated,Headphone,98
6000,5,It's noice cancelation is great. Light bass but good..if someone wants to buy for great noice cancelation it's best for them...tangle free wire is not so good but enough...,Headphone,172
6001,5,Its a good product.. best buy at this price.. dont know about its durability.. or lifespan but anyway it comes with one year boat warranty so go for the buy.. its a good product,Headphone,177
6002,5,The sound is decent to the price range and similar to other boat earphones in this range they feel cool and I guess will last for long too it's value for money for people looking for more variety can look for JBL ones in this range .,Headphone,233
6003,3,Sound quality is awesome but for gaming it is not a good choice because bass is very high but for song it is best choice,Headphone,120
6004,5,"Super bass verry happy and enjoy listening song .and also light wait adaptive desin and main think is verry sutaible to ear. No pain for ear so i am very happy and i love boAt brand .and product qulity is very nice and verry fastly service provide flipcart so thanka to all team filpkart thanx all the best ,👍👍👍",Headphone,311
6005,5,"Decent Bass, sound clarity is good and most important thing is it's Made in INDIA",Headphone,81
6006,5,"Superb earphones for a reasonable cost, far better than other earphones available at this coat",Headphone,94
6007,5,A good price point headphone to purchase under 500k. Amazing sound quality with bass. All thanks to Flipkart to made this possible at good price point,Headphone,150
6008,3,"everything is great but the earphones don't have the magnetic thing were they stick to each other like it said it would and that's pretty disappointing coz I was looking forward to it coz I thought it was really cool also when I'm on a call the voice isn't clear like it used to be ,most of the time even though I'm not sure it's coz of the network or new ear phones coz lol I do stay in Bengal 🙂",Headphone,396
6009,4,It's Nice Sound quality & Bass is simply Awesome. It is suitable for bass lovers value for Money. I recommend also pubg for good sound. buy this u defectally ur satify for this product.,Headphone,185
6010,4,Nice product if you want decent headset with good quality sound and which get untangle easily than these earphones will be perfect for you.,Headphone,139
6011,5,Audio is not clear Bass is up to mark mic is fine and build quality is Good go for mi earphone,Headphone,94
6012,5,Sound is awesome just because of high bass sound become quite sharp from my point of view boat bass head100 was better in sound as well as in design too,Headphone,152
6013,5,It average You can use general basis but not that good quality sound Sounds are average but not that much good to recommend someone,Headphone,131
6014,5,"Value for money. Below 399, I believe this is really a good one. Sound quality is nice but please don't expect it to be a Sennheiser one. Bass is okay if you increase the volume or bass settings in your device, you can have the effect but it is very average quality. Build is good  Lastly I want to thank Flipkart for the packaging and defect free device.",Headphone,355
6015,3,It was superb and sound quality is very good I am happy to buy this.,Headphone,68
6016,5,wired is not good like boat 100 wired is have good quality of weird but 103 is not good like ok u can buy this product but also you have to take care,Headphone,149
6017,5,Awesome product loved it sound will be cool nice to purchase,Headphone,60
6018,2,"Hello, I bought this because of my phone mic was not working.Mic works fine and also the quality is suitable with the price. Only thing is the heaviness of the wire which should have been more light.",Headphone,199
6019,4,It is a very good product. Sound is clear with base. Fiting it good in ears. All over it is good product.,Headphone,105
6020,3,Super quality nice worth of money Good sound quality it's super for pubg,Headphone,72
6021,4,"This product is very good interms of sound, bass, comfort in this price range (Rs 399). After using this product I ordered another for my friend. I strongly recommend to go for this product without any doubts.",Headphone,209
6022,5,Good deal in this prise.. I recommend this for gamers because it has fine footsteps sounds recognization and nice mic,Headphone,117
6023,3,"Best product with reasonable price and quality is excellent or excellent sound quality, service quality is good 👍👍👍",Headphone,115
6024,5,Well overall this headphone is good in this budget... Sound quality is really good for low price headphone... But due to low price the build quality is a bit low...,Headphone,164
6025,3,"Very good , light weight and handy . I am thinking why didnt i perchase this early , thanks to my friend who suggested this wired earphone . Its worth 5 star. Thank you flipkart for delivering 3 days early from the mentioned date. Love you❤.",Headphone,241
6026,4,these are good earphones at this price don't expect it to have base like BOSE very good quality and sound is clear and most important won't hurt your ears,Headphone,154
6027,5,this good in this range sound is so good but the bass is low but in this range quality is overall good,Headphone,102
6028,4,Good and balanced sound quality. The build up design is awesome. Excellent courier service and satisfied with the product.,Headphone,122
6029,3,"Its very excellent product for this price,if you have to buy a new earphones for this price please got it.Dont think it is better or not. Its simply awesome",Headphone,156
6030,5,Awesome earphone on this price range below 500.sound quality and design is good you can go for it.mic is also good ... thanks flip to deliver within 24 hour it was amazing,Headphone,171
6031,5,One of the excellent product for 375 rupees. For this price everything good but sound quality is little bit low when compare of boat 225 price of boat 225 is 450. Otherwise bass and product quality and trendy colour everything is good. I am satisfied from this product.,Headphone,269
6032,5,It is an awesome product from boat. It has very good sound quality and bass. The body and cable is also of good quality.,Headphone,120
6033,5,"Pretty good for the price range. This has that bass, but frankly I don't like much bass, which muffles low amplitude sounds. Built quality is ok considering the price.",Headphone,167
6034,4,"A very good product, works marvellously at high bass points, has a more that average design. Couldn't ask for more in this price range. Totally worth the money. And yes, one more hurray for the fast delivery by Flipkart, even in the time of COVID-19...!!",Headphone,254
6035,5,Lovely clear sound and great base ... Everyone go for it. This is very good earphones under 400rs... Its working great. Everything is good.,Headphone,139
6036,5,Awesome earphones  Just go for it guyz... The base is fantastic clear sound n original  I highly recommend this earphones under 400 rs is very very good. Thnk u flipkart Boat company.,Headphone,183
6037,5,It's a base boosted headset but don't have that much power on base. But it's contain good sound quality as proven by hearing 3D and 8D music. It's good for gaming mainly.,Headphone,170
6038,4,"I'm a huge fan of boat products. bass heads 103 gives perfect blend of sound, all those low's, mid's and high sounds are perfectly delivered. I'm not satisfied with the build quality it looks a bit cheaper, and wire is thin and is more of plastic kind. bassheads 100, 102 looks quite good in comparison to build quality. if you are a lover of sound this perfectly fits in !",Headphone,373
6039,5,Nice and good quality earphone at this price range..  Base is good and up to the mark acc. To the price Sound clarity is good vocals are clear ..  Overall can be rated as 4.2/5,Headphone,176
6040,4,"Not bad. Pretty good earphones for regular use and they last long. Sound quality is good, bass is nice. Perfect earphones in that price point.",Headphone,142
6041,5,I personally feel that ...all over it is best earphone in this range .sound and bass is best and built quality is quite good .So anyone can go for this earphone in this range.,Headphone,175
6042,5,It is good but sound from it gives only importance to bass of the sound.it is more like a bass headsets .not so good for other sounds,Headphone,133
6043,5,"These have decent sound not so loud, bass effect is good enough at this price, light weight, it is not tangle free, wire quality is also good, driver used gives clear sounds of the music. Price is satisfactory.",Headphone,210
6044,4,It's too awesome products in a low rate it's sounds quality is too good as well as it has perfect wire length,Headphone,109
6045,5,"Nice Quality and High bass sound provided,boAt is a new era of sound world,what a nice product and so comfortable for all my works",Headphone,130
6046,5,"Worth of single penny.........Don't except audio quality in such as JBL earphones, this earphones gives it's best in point of it's rate and brand... Thank you boat & filpkart for giving us a special earphones in affordable cost",Headphone,227
6047,3,"Great earphones at such an affordable price. Wait for sale, you can get it for lower price. Anyways- the sound is not as clear as Mi basics earphones but bass is good and build quality is nice.",Headphone,193
6048,4,"Firstly i have ordered Basshead 220 but it's not comfortable in ear, then i ordered it and this is awesome in comfortably and sound quality is also good . It's lightweight when you use it you can't feel it in your ear .",Headphone,219
6049,4,Nice earphone. I like very much. Thank you flipkart for fast delivery service.,Headphone,78
6050,4,"Good product at this price great satisfaction. If you love soft music don't buy it, this product is relevant for EDM lovers",Headphone,123
6051,5,just a little bass.. (not for music lovers) Pure sound (good for gaming #pubgm) The fitting design of the earbud is really great.. much better than any other boat earphones.. good for traveling as it doesn't drop off too much like other earphones..,Headphone,248
6052,5,"With attractive look and design, this earphone gives an amazing sound with high bass. And fits perfectly in the ear reducing the outside noise. Considering the price of the product, I think this is the best earphone you can get.",Headphone,228
6053,4,Earlier was using sony mdr 150ap with mic not comparing to that one because the price and quality was three times more then this still can compete with that in bass but still not that much good in noice cancellation while playing game with this the sound usually is not that much good in other things is perfectly good. Can go with this with the same price,Headphone,356
6054,4,Firstly thanks flipkart for timely delivery. Secondly earphones are great at such a budget you get good quality earphones . Sound is great and I am sure that you will not regret buying it .,Headphone,189
6055,4,Good one for 399 RS . Sound quality is good and looks strong also. Let's hope for the best.,Headphone,91
6056,5,Very nice. But on the ear buds left right not mentioned. Over all super item. Excellent bass. Regularly dont use headset.. it my requst for ur future .,Headphone,151
6057,5,The sound and the bass is boom boom.you must buy it and enjoy the sound that the boat is always provide us either it is a bluetooth earphone aur it's wire earphone.Go and buy it it is amazing the design is differ to other and look good,Headphone,235
6058,4,Super Sound quality... The best part is the bass quality .. Supercool headphones in just rs399.. Very Happy with this product.. Delivered on time.. Thanks Flipkart.,Headphone,164
6059,5,"As the name Said, main thing it lacks is that Thumping Bass, I have purchased another Boat Headphone chipper than this, even that one deliver thumping good quality Bass than this one other than that, this headphone decently loud and good sound for all other area voice of the songs are clear, instrument sound good, but not that heavy extra Bass. I must say there are plenty of good pair of headphone really deliver better Bass than this.",Headphone,438
6060,4,amazing sound quality with great bass nice product design is also fantastic,Headphone,75
6061,5,This product is good but mera suggestion yhi h ki aap JBL ka hi le uski sound quantity best h or iski bass quality best h JBL product are accpensive but product is very good,Headphone,173
6062,5,well overall this headphone is good in this budget... sound quality is really good for low price head phone.... but due to low price the build quality is a bit low....,Headphone,167
6063,4,Awesome product quick delivery very nice I satisfy thank you so much Flipkart,Headphone,77
6064,5,good quality product light weight decent bass for decent users vocals are good,Headphone,78
6065,4,Product is amazing . sound quality is superior for this price. Iam using this from past 1 week still no issues with earphone Any who is looking for good earphone under low price this will be perfect choice,Headphone,205
6066,2,Superb earphones by boat in this price range.Clear and stable sound quality and good bass maintained.Build quality is awesome in this price range.Superb quality cords and mic box.,Headphone,179
6067,5,Awesome good sound and bass light weight and easy to carry one of the best ear phones at reasonable prices,Headphone,106
6068,4,great work on bass. could have improved treble. good nc.,Headphone,56
6069,4,nice earphone good condition by Flipkart delivery nice price I am so impress Flipkart services 👍👍👍🤑,Headphone,99
6070,5,"Better than what JBL is giving in 700 rupees earphones, these is my 5th boat product and It has again proved me right for choosing it over other earphones. Its nicely built, great sound and durable too.",Headphone,202
6071,3,"product is good enough at this price, no doubt in Boat sound output, is always fine with reasonable bass effect.overall nice product.",Headphone,133
6072,4,it very good product. i feeled the sound is 3d in normal songs .super sound clarity for playing pubg. nice,Headphone,106
6073,5,"boat 103 headset is far better in comparison to other headset in this price segment, sound and bass quality is so good and better than boat 200 headset, stongly recomend it.",Headphone,173
6074,5,"This is good product with good sound quality at Rs 415 but it loosens from ear after some time listening from it and I wanted tight and perfect ear fitting , that's why 4 star rating otherwise all things are very good .",Headphone,219
6075,4,"I must say that It is better and comfortable than Mi basic headset Of Rs 399.  Sound clear, Ear comfortable  good base in this price range  don't expect high bass like Other Headphones Like sony bcz This is earphone and having enough bass in this range.",Headphone,253
6076,5,"design of the product is extraordinary,coming to the clarity of the sound is 3.5 rating nd for bass is 3 rating nd if you want a great day so please try some other brand, for the price its more than enough I bought it for 375 its money Worthiness product",Headphone,254
6077,5,I love boat earphones these are best in this price range and the bass is great and the dilevery from flipkart was also good,Headphone,123
6078,4,better then mi basic earphone....so pure and ultimate sound with bass... boat great job...PUBG lover try this one...and flipkart very fast delivery...,Headphone,150
6079,5,Not as good as boat 100 earphones bass is all good but ! The voice is not clear,Headphone,79
6080,4,very good design sound quality good bass less comfortable for ear but nice product in this range colour blue is charming and matching my redmi note 7s I like this earphone,Headphone,171
6081,4,good product with a great base.. get this product at 375 rupee in a sale... i adviced mi users dont buy this product ... this is not good for mi & samsung users. also not good for boys who want to listen music while traveling or while doing other stuff.,Headphone,253
6082,5,"Wow good lead what a quality in looking , sound. But now my mic not working properly so please I want to repair my earphone",Headphone,123
6083,4,"best in the price segment it is better than the mi basic earphones which are available at same prize bass,mids,vocals,highs all are in control and sound quality is very good initial sound quality is very good",Headphone,208
6084,5,these are actually pretty comfortable. dude to its earphone size they actually get support from ear then to fall easily like other earphones. am really satisfied with them.,Headphone,172
6085,4,. it is indeed a great buy.. great sound quality good bass.. only concern is the short length wire + wire quality is not that good,Headphone,130
6086,5,"°°°HONEST REVIEW°°° 1)In this price segment this is ok 2)Build quality not so good. 3) As Flipkart/seller mentioned on hilight section ""Magnetic ear buds"" thats not magnetic! 4) There is no noise cancellation, and mic observed so much Surrounding noise while talking to over voice and video call.",Headphone,296
6087,4,Nice bass and sound quality,Headphone,27
6088,4,Nice Product....,Headphone,16
6089,3,value for money.......best headphone you can get in this budget,Headphone,63
6090,4,comfortable and good product....,Headphone,32
6091,5,🥰🥰 lovely 🥰🥰,Headphone,12
6092,5,Nice,Headphone,4
6093,3,Boat Headphones always rocks I gift it to my sister she is so Happy Very decent,Headphone,79
6094,5,Nice product,Headphone,12
6095,4,earphone quality of sound good,Headphone,30
6096,5,One side of the earpiece stopped working in just 2 months of purchased😠,Headphone,71
6097,4,Amazing sound quality Superb bass Built quality is good 5/5 Pwoli saanam m#**,Headphone,77
6098,4,"In simple words ..""MIND BLOWING"" clear hai...!!!",Headphone,48
6099,4,really awesome worth price😊,Headphone,27
6100,5,It is having very nice sound quality I have order this for my daughter online classes it is awesome superb.,Headphone,107
6101,5,very best sound and bass better quality,Headphone,39
6102,5,good product,Headphone,12
6103,1,After using only 12/13 days one side of earphone started hearing low sound,Headphone,74
6104,5,My DNA need music..and boat add the value in it....Jabardast 💝,Headphone,62
6105,5,very very bad earphone .it buy after one month its speaker will damage .it has one year warranty but the boat company didn't respond my call and I am already registered this complaint but not way soo plz don't buy this product.,Headphone,227
6106,4,light weight good sound quality,Headphone,31
6107,5,wonderful sound. guyz who loves high bass with quality sound would suggest them go for it.,Headphone,90
6108,5,Good production..i like this boat products,Headphone,42
6109,4,Total ratings 8.7 out of 10 Design is quite good . Sound is much better than Mi Basic earphone Single Function Button,Headphone,117
6110,1,superb,Headphone,6
6111,5,Gud for sound,Headphone,13
6112,1,Sound quality is Best ... Outstanding.. Bass quality is very Deep and I love it.. Build quality and Design are very good... Good Job Boat... 🔥❤️,Headphone,144
6113,5,Best sound quality...and nice design. Just supper,Headphone,49
6114,5,All of our family members using this boat extra bass headphone. This is my 3rd buy from boat. Awesome sound quality. Love it. ♥,Headphone,127
6115,5,Awesome earphones,Headphone,17
6116,5,Good product......,Headphone,18
6117,5,"After seven months review This headphone have some issues, but warrenty service of boat is really really cool, I'm so much satisfied 😍",Headphone,134
6118,3,good quality suprb bass it dont feel like bud headset easy were,Headphone,63
6119,5,Very good sound quality and comfortable to wear for long time.,Headphone,62
6120,5,Awesome 👍,Headphone,9
6121,5,"overall good product at this price segment , bass is a little low for boat but sound quality compensate for that , overall sound quality and music quality is optimum. Way to go boat 🙌",Headphone,183
6122,5,Go for it👍,Headphone,10
6123,5,Fine product 👌 by Boat ⛵ excellent quality sound in this price range.,Headphone,69
6124,4,What more can you expect in this price range. The best part about this headphone is the shape of the earbuds. You can use while you're laying down and it won't hurt your ear. Go for it..,Headphone,186
6125,5,Sound clarity is good. Design is perfect in ears Value for money. But bass is average.,Headphone,86
6126,5,"Good headphone below 400 rs.though built up quality is poor but the mic quality is very very fine.wire from mic to ear is very very thin.bass is a little high.driver quality is very good,got 4 more bud of different sizes & one pouch for holding.best boat headphone within 400 rs.fully air tight.",Headphone,295
6127,5,Nice product and good quality 👍,Headphone,31
6128,4,B.O.A.T best over all the time and also thank you to the delivery man who delivered the product in that situation where anyone is not going outside from their home,Headphone,163
6129,5,"The headset looks more premium and durable as compared to others in the same price segment. Although it kinda looks the same as Beats by Dr. Dre - urBeats 3, quality wise boAt never disappoints.  Good Stuff: 1. The bass bumps, the mids sing, and the highs are polite. 2. Light and comfortable 3. You can buy a pair for each day of the week, and you'd still be underpaying.  Bad Stuff: 1. Wire lacks strain relief at earbuds. 2. Single button control 3. Noise isolation isn't great.  Now what i can...",Headphone,500
6130,5,After 3 month it is not working Bad experience Bad quality,Headphone,58
6131,4,wire broken after 4 days. very poor quality. now I am using with tape.,Headphone,70
6132,4,Osm sounds quality & nice eirphone,Headphone,34
6133,5,It's only good.,Headphone,15
6134,5,Item work correct 10 day properly After that it won't work What i will do,Headphone,73
6135,5,Nice,Headphone,4
6136,4,"So I got my earphones today,and after using for several times,I really loved it❤️. Plus the price is also reasonable,must buy! Go for it😃",Headphone,137
6137,1,I always love boat products,Headphone,27
6138,1,Best headphone in this price range!,Headphone,35
6139,5,Must buy all thing is good ☺️ sound is also good ☺️,Headphone,51
6140,3,It's very nice product & good quality sound,Headphone,43
6141,1,Nice product,Headphone,12
6142,5,im using this boat earphones past 3 months and it's a good deal,Headphone,63
6143,5,super sound quality....♥️,Headphone,25
6144,5,awesome earphone in best price,Headphone,30
6145,5,I brought the headset and it worked good just a few days i brought it on may and now its august and i am having issues woth the audio the volume level of left and right ear had been disturbed automatically. Dont buy it!!,Headphone,220
6146,5,Mic is very bad,Headphone,15
6147,5,It was so nc....nc colour n sound i loved it😍😍😍😍,Headphone,48
6148,5,"Sound,bass is superb.Light weight but I think the product quality is less. It's a awesome product. Especially sound,bass. No more stronger,but stronger",Headphone,151
6149,4,Damn !! These earphones are love ❤️ budget friendly nd the sound quality nd te bass is too good,Headphone,95
6150,5,Sounds quality is good but there is lack of Bass in earphone. Mi earphone have better bass as compare to this and price is almost same.,Headphone,135
6151,5,Not fit in ear it's falling down from the ears,Headphone,46
6152,1,Excellent ear phones.....and immersive Audio quality,Headphone,52
6153,1,"Sound quality is good..degin, colour is also fine.. thanks flipkart for great service..",Headphone,87
6154,5,Good,Headphone,4
6155,4,Volume of left headphone is too high compared to right,Headphone,54
6156,5,"I bought it in Rs.375, it's good...",Headphone,35
6157,4,Left side stopped working within a month,Headphone,40
6158,1,"Very satisfied with the product, sound quality and buzz are amazing. It has tangle free rubber covered wires, magnetic ear plugs and three pairs of ear buds. I brought it to listen to the video lectures properly and it's up-to my expectations.",Headphone,243
6159,5,"This earphone is not for music lovers... earbuds are comfortable to wear for longer period of times.. but, if there is no bass in the audio and outside noises are choking ur breath of peace then what is the use of wearing such earphones for long? Song recording quality is very poor.. Hated it.. absolutely waste of money..",Headphone,323
6160,4,Nice,Headphone,4
6161,5,Good sound and base,Headphone,19
6162,3,Good earphones very light weight Magnetic heads are cool Good quality for that price,Headphone,84
6163,4,Awesome product best in price bass is very good🔥👍🏻magentic is best👌🏻,Headphone,68
6164,1,Worthy purchase,Headphone,15
6165,4,Bass quality is too good,Headphone,24
6166,5,Good quality,Headphone,12
6167,5,Ordered this last year n thought this could be the best product from boat however after 6 months of purchase left side stopped working & now the whole earphone,Headphone,159
6168,5,Waste of money... Sound quality is very poor.. Its like a 40 rupees headphone.. and not properly working on 50 days...,Headphone,118
6169,3,I bought this product on 25-02-2020.it is not working after 5 months.it is completely damaged.earphone and mic is not working now.id such a bad quality.,Headphone,152
6170,5,Looking worse,Headphone,13
6171,5,The product is decent but the only problem with the headphone is that it does not mention L and R both the sides so it's bit irritating sometimes to identity and secondly there's no volume rocker.. The 3.5mm jack easily comes out of the socket (maybe doesn't fit in my Samsung phone) rest assured.,Headphone,297
6172,5,Amazing sound effect nice 👍 One year warranty its superb Thanku flip kard 😍,Headphone,75
6173,5,At first the sound quality is good but after a long use or may be by a week the quality gets back,Headphone,97
6174,1,"Boat is the Best. Kick off everything Chinese. Boat is elegant, Worthy & Indian Brand",Headphone,85
6175,2,Too Good as per price. SOUND AND BASS QUALITY IS OVERPOWERED. If you want this for gaming then Just Go for it.,Headphone,110
6176,2,Earphones are good but after using for 4 months left side's speaker stoped working! I'm little disappointed because in case of earphones i only prefer boAt but these days they are bot maintaining their quality.,Headphone,210
6177,2,Excellent purchase,Headphone,18
6178,4,Great froduct👍 in the mid range Worth it.,Headphone,41
6179,5,Super bass very nice colour and reliable at this price.,Headphone,55
6180,5,Very bad..... it stop working one of earbud with in 2 weeks,Headphone,59
6181,5,Really a good product worth the money wait for 400 rs and buy design spends on the taste of user,Headphone,96
6182,5,BOAT MEANS AWESOME...THIS IS MY 3RD HEADPHONE OF BOAT... EVERYTIME BOAT MAKE ME HAPPY...THANK U FLIPKART...,Headphone,107
6183,3,Replash me earphone,Headphone,19
6184,5,Amazing headphone with 👌✌️ sound quality..,Headphone,42
6185,4,The wire of earphones is delicate. Build Quality is good. the sound of speaker has more tremble than bass. Earphone plug slips again and again it does have much grip. if you want saturated bass and tremble then you have to choose another earphones. I was confused to either choose this one or Ant w56/506 but I go to this one because of it's company boat but I don't get as I expected .,Headphone,386
6186,5,product nice sound quality and bass awesome,Headphone,43
6187,1,"Sound quality is too good but , it looks like a local headfone ....,,",Headphone,69
6188,5,just wow,Headphone,8
6189,4,perfect sound quality 👌,Headphone,23
6190,2,Nice earphone in this segment..,Headphone,31
6191,5,@awesome,Headphone,8
6192,3,Good Sound quality... Thank you Flipkart,Headphone,40
6193,4,"Just okay , but I expected more.",Headphone,32
6194,4,Poor quality. Got defected within 2 months from the date of buy. I don't recommend this anyone.,Headphone,95
6195,5,Very bad product. Mic doesn't work properly from Day 1. Overall bad sound quality.,Headphone,82
6196,5,Not support redmi note 4 Mobile .. loose Pin.,Headphone,45
6197,4,Bad earphones right side not working waste of money,Headphone,51
6198,5,Nice product for the price. Good quality sound but loud.,Headphone,56
6199,5,Good product and fast delivery. Thank you,Headphone,41
6200,3,Very bad product. Didn't even last 2 months the mic stopped working. Don't buy this and waste your money..,Headphone,106
6201,1,super budget product,Headphone,20
6202,1,Don't buy..... Just waste of money,Headphone,34
6203,1,Good😊,Headphone,5
6204,1,I have bought three headphone one by one but all three headphone getting damaged automatically after 2 or 3 month. In one left speaker is not working 😞 and in another two mic 🎤 is not working 😞😭. So I request to all of you don't buy boat headphone.🙏,Headphone,249
6205,4,Bass is good Over-all looks powli go for it guyz,Headphone,48
6206,5,Good sound,Headphone,10
6207,1,"In this price one of the best headphone ,👌",Headphone,42
6208,4,super sound level bass nice good,Headphone,32
6209,1,it's sound quality is mind blowing and it's bass is also best.....,Headphone,66
6210,5,Super. Ear phone and its bass is very good,Headphone,42
6211,1,Good,Headphone,4
6212,4,Good product,Headphone,12
6213,5,One of best purchase from flipkart I love it,Headphone,44
6214,5,Ok nice,Headphone,7
6215,5,Awesome 😎🎉❤️,Headphone,12
6216,5,"Decent Quality, with Great Bass.",Headphone,32
6217,5,Pain starts in ear muscle after keeping it for few mins,Headphone,55
6218,5,Bad shound quality And fill bad,Headphone,31
6219,4,DONT BUY IT VERY BAD ITEM🤬,Headphone,26
6220,5,Good quality,Headphone,12
6221,4,Very good product I am very happy to this product,Headphone,49
6222,5,Bad earphone,Headphone,12
6223,5,Really great product ❤️,Headphone,23
6224,1,Good quality,Headphone,12
6225,1,Awesome product I have been using from past 1 month bass quality is amazing must buy product thanks,Headphone,99
6226,1,This is my second head phone of boAt and this also given the same problem of the first one. Stopped working left side within 1 year.,Headphone,132
6227,5,If you go with the brand and price comparison... Then I think it is the best product...quality is nice and blue color is awesome.,Headphone,129
6228,5,My handset is Samsung galaxy a50...in my handset only it doesn't support properly,Headphone,81
6229,1,Good sound quality and best Bass in this price range,Headphone,52
6230,5,"Good product, but the earlier one got torn at the jack in just 9/10 months. Thought of giving it a second go",Headphone,108
6231,5,I'm writing this review after 10 months of use. You must go for this earphone it's excellent And it gives you a full 1 year replacement warranty Yes i get a replaced earphone after 10 months because my old earphone has some problem. I claim the warranty on boAt website and they replace my earphone it's awesome.,Headphone,312
6232,5,Very good & superb sound quality in these price.,Headphone,48
6233,1,Osam Product 🤩 I am so happy 😊,Headphone,30
6234,4,The audio quality is good. The builtup could have been better with thick and strong wires.,Headphone,90
6235,3,Best quality,Headphone,12
6236,5,Headphone jack loose in mobile..,Headphone,32
6237,5,Earphone bass and sound quality is awesome 👌,Headphone,44
6238,5,Very good quality worth a lot,Headphone,29
6239,4,Worst sound quality...its worthless,Headphone,35
6240,5,Excellent product and excellent sound...I am loving it,Headphone,54
6241,4,Not bad,Headphone,7
6242,4,Literally bad service for replacing my product which is not working now after 3 months.Their mentioned details for warranty are invalid .Its being tough for me to replace my defective product.,Headphone,192
6243,3,Very good quality,Headphone,17
6244,5,Jag automatically comes out ..not valuable,Headphone,42
6245,5,I got this product at rs 299,Headphone,28
6246,1,Bass is 80% wire all so like a cheap quality,Headphone,44
6247,5,"Amazing product, only at 264 rupees.",Headphone,36
6248,5,I am happy for this fabulous product but little bit sad for delivery delays. Thank you,Headphone,86
6249,1,Good Quality earphone.,Headphone,22
6250,5,Great product,Headphone,13
6251,2,Left side ear ph are not work,Headphone,29
6252,5,"Very good product. Stylish, good colours. I got 3. Gifted 2 and using 1",Headphone,71
6253,3,Nice,Headphone,4
6254,5,Good product,Headphone,12
6255,5,Hope for best..,Headphone,15
6256,5,Faster delivery . Nice product . Anyone who are interested to buy this go for it .,Headphone,82
6257,5,It's is very good earphone I have not any problem with this product.,Headphone,68
6258,2,In just rs400 this product is just Amazing..,Headphone,44
6259,5,"I ordered this for me , previously i used same in mint colour , it is nice and good for pubg 😃",Headphone,94
6260,5,Very nice product oooosssssmmmmmm,Headphone,33
6261,4,Nice,Headphone,4
6262,5,It's Good,Headphone,9
6263,4,Good And Easy for Use,Headphone,21
6264,5,"Excellent sound, pure music you will feel it once you use it.",Headphone,61
6265,5,My ❤ gift me this and I totally love this earphone🥰🥰,Headphone,52
6266,4,sound quality is good,Headphone,21
6267,5,Good headphone under 400,Headphone,24
6268,4,Damage in only 6 month This product is not good,Headphone,47
6269,4,Sound is so groom Less thinness in sound overbase,Headphone,49
6270,5,Overall descent product at this price range ....! But bass is not upto mark ...!,Headphone,80
6271,5,Amazing,Headphone,7
6272,5,Fastest delivery platform nd I'm very happy &oswmmm products thqu flipkart family👪,Headphone,82
6273,5,Ok,Headphone,2
6274,4,Voice clear problems,Headphone,20
6275,1,Good,Headphone,4
6276,4,Best earphone and amazing sound quality. Loved it,Headphone,49
6277,5,Value for money,Headphone,15
6278,5,I brought it for 400 so it's a little high price.. If this is 350 then surely go for it..,Headphone,89
6279,5,Nich,Headphone,4
6280,1,"Sound is ok, not the best in this price range. Bass is below average. Design is good. Built quality average.",Headphone,108
6281,2,"Have been using them since one yead now.... must say they are surely the bang for each buck.... 100% value for money... just feel that the bass aur microphone quality could be a bit better.... overall an awesome purchase.... Suggestion - the bigger eartips often get loose and fall off quickly, please remove the earplugs carefully....",Headphone,335
6282,4,Good Product,Headphone,12
6283,4,This product is good but please less price of this product.,Headphone,59
6284,5,Excellent original product great music experience you can feel it,Headphone,65
6285,5,Comfortable for long time use. I loved base and sound. Nice product.,Headphone,68
6286,5,I really like it,Headphone,16
6287,4,Good 👍,Headphone,6
6288,4,It's really good and good quality nice product,Headphone,46
6289,5,Nice One,Headphone,8
6290,3,Very good product,Headphone,17
6291,5,Bass is not good. build quality is also bad looks like build with a cheap plastic. it comes with 1 year warranty which is good overall it's good in price range between 300 to 350 I bought in 400.,Headphone,195
6292,4,Very comfer. I m surprised it have Magnate In Back side of Burds. So it Very usefull,Headphone,84
6293,4,Worth,Headphone,5
6294,5,Its good for songs I use in gaming but in game its is very bad,Headphone,62
6295,5,The mic is not working properly we need to hold it if we want to talk. I bought this for attending calls and meetings but it is not as expected,Headphone,143
6296,4,Nyc product... Fit in ear.. Love it.. ❤️❤️❤️,Headphone,44
6297,5,I am very happy that it is 100 %original product as it allows you to scan the qr code for its verification ...... You must buy as the brand speaks .....I.e.-boAt,Headphone,161
6298,4,"Excellent product. Very good for online classes. Don't think twice, Just buy it....",Headphone,83
6299,5,Best sound quality .... i loved it,Headphone,34
6300,4,Today I got this product .good sound quality .let's see how long it lasts.,Headphone,74
6301,5,Beautiful headset kaanand aayi poyi,Headphone,35
6302,2,Writing this review after a year of usage. 1 month is still remaining to 1 year usage of this earphone but its left speaker has stopped working.,Headphone,144
6303,5,My earphone experienc and ripleshment,Headphone,37
6304,5,Fab,Headphone,3
6305,5,Superb product...I just loved it..,Headphone,34
6306,4,Loved it,Headphone,8
6307,4,Best price best quality 😊😊😊😊,Headphone,28
6308,3,Awesome product must buy it ☺️,Headphone,30
6309,2,Amazing!!! 😍 I love it.. Highly recommend for this product This earphone is absolutely adorable 🔥... 💯,Headphone,102
6310,5,Good voice,Headphone,10
6311,3,After normal 2 months of use left ear buds is not working... Totally unsatisfying...  Not using BOAT next time🥺🥺,Headphone,112
6312,5,Damaged after 7 months,Headphone,22
6313,4,Bass not understand,Headphone,19
6314,5,"I purchased realme buds classic for Rs399 and it was a waste of money on Chinese stuff, And then order this for the same Rs399 now I am fully satisfied with these boat (an indian brand) earphones.",Headphone,196
6315,4,"Nice product .....it is very comfortable.Even if your use it for 2-3 hours constantly,still it does not give any iritation or discomfort.The buds are designed very vell to fit into the ear perfectly..",Headphone,200
6316,5,Average product... But according to price is really appreciated,Headphone,63
6317,4,After use of 15 days stopped working.,Headphone,37
6318,1,A perfect product to listen online Classes to avoid background noise,Headphone,68
6319,1,Not bad,Headphone,7
6320,1,The left bud stopped working after 2 months,Headphone,43
6321,5,In this range of price we can say that this is a good product.,Headphone,62
6322,5,Don't look review just go for it....i just love sound quality,Headphone,61
6323,4,Awesome product in affordable price...,Headphone,38
6324,1,So gud,Headphone,6
6325,5,Good product,Headphone,12
6326,5,Not bad,Headphone,7
6327,2,Base is not good,Headphone,16
6328,4,Very very bad quality product i recomend not to buy it...it stop working within 3 months from the date of purchase.....😑😑,Headphone,121
6329,5,I purchased it few days ago.Really liked it🖒 Stylish design plus light weight Sound quality is also very good and clear. Thank you flipcart😊,Headphone,140
6330,5,Awesome product and sound quality and bass is awesome,Headphone,53
6331,4,Sound quality and bass is very good. If u r a music lover u will surely enjoy it. But after using it for only one month jack got disturb. So voice call quality gets affected. Design is also not so appreciative.,Headphone,210
6332,5,"Super, fabulous, fantabulous.I like it",Headphone,38
6333,2,Sound Quality Is Awesome Bass Quality Is Ok,Headphone,43
6334,1,Nice one,Headphone,8
6335,1,Awesome sound quality😊😊😊 Wow Thank you,Headphone,38
6336,5,Awesome product in this price. Sound quality and hearing Comfort is very high.,Headphone,78
6337,4,Good,Headphone,4
6338,4,Using it for last 8 months .... Awesome sound quality......wise purchase 👍,Headphone,74
6339,5,My second purchase. Very good 👌,Headphone,31
6340,5,I bought it on 17th March 2020 and now 23th April 2021 the left one is not working... Which means it lasted only for one year🙁.... But over all the sound quality is very good. 😇,Headphone,177
6341,5,"Everything is great about this headphones, but there is a serious concern. I have used it for around 3 months , and now suffering from ear pain. Already visited doctor 3 times, and now recovery is in process, this is due to the headphone. They are in such a shape that they penetrate deep inside the ears.  Go for some other headphones, which dont have such a long shape.",Headphone,371
6342,5,"The Product was good for 3 months, after that sound reduced in one of the Earpiece...had to replace it with customer service. Boat must pull up its socks & see why boat earphones are getting so much replaced at service centers",Headphone,226
6343,5,"Build quality is good, but above the mic it seems a little weak and breakable. Overall sound quality is awesome, magnetic earbuds, u have a speak a little louder as the mic is a little bit on lower side. Sleeping and using the earphones may cause a little pain in your ear if u continue using it for a long time.",Headphone,312
6344,4,Nice product,Headphone,12
6345,5,Amazing sound quality worth product thanks flipkart...,Headphone,54
6346,5,Awesome in the budget,Headphone,21
6347,4,Got at 309 Rs. Best at this price.,Headphone,34
6348,5,Superb earphone... After 8 months of using.. no damages.. really good one.. So many times it falls down but it works well... No doubt..must buy it,Headphone,146
6349,2,Good,Headphone,4
6350,4,left earbud is some times not working properly,Headphone,46
6351,5,Osm product sound and bass super i like it this product,Headphone,55
6352,5,Good,Headphone,4
6353,5,"Awesome product The sound quality is good The Red one is very impressive Thanks, Flipkart for the quick delivery",Headphone,112
6354,5,Nice to hear songs$Good bass,Headphone,28
6355,4,I used this earphone for nearly 3 4months and now one side of the earphone literally stopped working and the sound quality is not much clear.,Headphone,141
6356,5,Superb quality 😍😍😍👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻🔥 best earphones 😍👌🏻,Headphone,44
6357,2,"Ok quality headphones....not so good bass, Build quality is poor,....feels like a cheap 150 rs headphones Sound quality is poor....poor mid and high sounds....feels like 150rs headphones......buy only if you can get it in 100-150 rsP",Headphone,233
6358,4,Worst project i ever used.after 2 days used 1 side stop working.,Headphone,64
6359,5,Good sound quality really good👍,Headphone,31
6360,5,"It was bang for the buck but unfortunately fate was decided something , a honorable rat bite that into minute pieces. No worries I am going to buy another but this time red in colour. So, if you are wondering which one to buy in 400 rs range , close your eyes and go for it. Its best in the market. Thank you!",Headphone,309
6361,4,Value for money,Headphone,15
6362,2,Awesome 👌 super,Headphone,15
6363,5,Very nice earphone nice bass qulatity is also nice,Headphone,50
6364,5,It's so wonderful earphone . It's bass so nice. I love it.,Headphone,58
6365,1,Low bass as compared to mi earphone,Headphone,35
6366,4,Overall it's good,Headphone,17
6367,4,Good build quality.. worthful for the cost... decent product.,Headphone,61
6368,5,Value for money Good build quality Good sounds and bass All over the price best Recommended for under 400rs headsets no 1,Headphone,121
6369,4,Amazing product Great value for money,Headphone,37
6370,5,Bass is mind blowing,Headphone,20
6371,5,The sound quality and the base are just wow. Must buy.,Headphone,54
6372,5,Light weight Comfortable Good sound Worth for money,Headphone,51
6373,4,"Omg What A Piece Of Art , Thats Really Amazing Sound ,Bass & The Colour & Design Thats Really Insane . Because After Very Long Time I Cracked The Best Deal , & I Suggest That Go With This Red &Blue Option In Boat 103 Varient .",Headphone,226
6374,5,Good quality,Headphone,12
6375,5,BOAT is giving just a Great product in just 399,Headphone,47
6376,5,Super earphone..with magnetic earbuds and it's also light weight......🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰,Headphone,75
6377,5,It's really good,Headphone,16
6378,5,Orginal good quality headphone ❤️❤️ I love it,Headphone,45
6379,4,"What I liked best about the product is the design of the wire and Jack joint.  With so many online sessions, this arrangement prevents the wire getting bent and cut.  Taking the wire to the sideways is an excellent idea and done very well  Overall audio quality is good...",Headphone,272
6380,5,go for it.. as expected. build quality is super bass is super,Headphone,61
6381,5,"Nice earphone it has magnet and cable manager , looks awesome",Headphone,61
6382,5,Amazing Headphones I love the Built Quality It has good mangents in drivers,Headphone,75
6383,5,I am a big fan of boAt. I liked this product and I also suggested my friend to buy this earphone. I also suggest you to buy. You will be satisfied.,Headphone,147
6384,5,I used this product since 6 month..the build quality good.... sound quality is excellent much standard level of bass delivery shows this product premium..... Overall @ this price tag 399 its awesome piece..,Headphone,206
6385,5,Sound and base is very good and my foviur color.,Headphone,48
6386,4,Head set mic is not working don't buy,Headphone,37
6387,5,Sound quality is good but the wires are real bad. The upper rubber of the wire started tearing up by itself near the end of buds so now if the buds malfunction then i won't b able to claim the warranty,Headphone,201
6388,5,1 no earphone by boat go ahead and buy😊,Headphone,39
6389,5,Good one,Headphone,8
6390,5,The product was pretty good for 1st 2 months... Then suddenly the sound got reduced... I tried cleaning the buds but was of no use...,Headphone,133
6391,5,Its a good quality product.. Nice product for it's price.. Using it from past 3 months and working good..,Headphone,105
6392,4,After 8 months of usage the left and right side of earphones are completely dead. The bass is only good Vocals are average,Headphone,122
6393,1,L R should be mentioned it is missing else best quality product in this price segment,Headphone,85
6394,3,Fabulous products,Headphone,17
6395,5,I m using this since 5 months and its quality is same as was new one.,Headphone,69
6396,5,Nice product Good sound quality Bess effect good Value for money,Headphone,64
6397,3,Best earphones under 500 range... Just amazing...,Headphone,49
6398,4,Nice product beautiful sound with extra bass but the build quality needed to be a little better.,Headphone,96
6399,3,For the price range this is very nice earphones. Good sound algorithm drivers,Headphone,77
6400,5,Good product,Headphone,12
6401,5,"Honestly, superb at 375 Rs. Writing the review after 1 year of usse. Unbeatable!!",Headphone,81
6402,4,Superb,Headphone,6
6403,3,Very good headset for gaming,Headphone,28
6404,5,"Awesome!!,",Headphone,10
6405,5,It is really nice headset. It noise is really nice. Sound quality is very . Really nice product,Headphone,95
6406,5,It's nyc with this price range,Headphone,30
6407,5,This product was worth buying!! Awesome sound quality!! Highly recommended!!!,Headphone,77
6408,3,Best built quality headset sound clarity is excellent,Headphone,53
6409,5,Very nice.. without thinking go for it,Headphone,38
6410,5,Using 6 months I'll say it's good enough. But connection of one wire loose recently. 😣😣,Headphone,87
6411,5,Supperb amazing bass,Headphone,20
6412,5,This price best product,Headphone,23
6413,4,Fantastic,Headphone,9
6414,4,Good sound quality... Good design... Really Satisfied,Headphone,53
6415,5,Very nice in this range,Headphone,23
6416,5,Awesome quality,Headphone,15
6417,5,Jabardast...👍😎♥️,Headphone,16
6418,5,If ur bass lover then go for it with no hesitation But I think mi basic is better than this,Headphone,91
6419,5,Good product,Headphone,12
6420,5,Beautiful sounds i feel like a great ?❤️❤️❤️?❤️♥️,Headphone,49
6421,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6422,5,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6423,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6424,5,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6425,5,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6426,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6427,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6428,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6429,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6430,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6431,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6432,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6433,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6434,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6435,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6436,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6437,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6438,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6439,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6440,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6441,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6442,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6443,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6444,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6445,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6446,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6447,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6448,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6449,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6450,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6451,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6452,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6453,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6454,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6455,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6456,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6457,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6458,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6459,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6460,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6461,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6462,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6463,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6464,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6465,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6466,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6467,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6468,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6469,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6470,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6471,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6472,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6473,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6474,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6475,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6476,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6477,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6478,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6479,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6480,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6481,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6482,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6483,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6484,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6485,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6486,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6487,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6488,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6489,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6490,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6491,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6492,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6493,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6494,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6495,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6496,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6497,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6498,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6499,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6500,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6501,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6502,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6503,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6504,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6505,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6506,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6507,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6508,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6509,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6510,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6511,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6512,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6513,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6514,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6515,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6516,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6517,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6518,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6519,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6520,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6521,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6522,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6523,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6524,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6525,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6526,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6527,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6528,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6529,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6530,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6531,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6532,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6533,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6534,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6535,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6536,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6537,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6538,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6539,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6540,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6541,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6542,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6543,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6544,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6545,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6546,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6547,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6548,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6549,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6550,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6551,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6552,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6553,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6554,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6555,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6556,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6557,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6558,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6559,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6560,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6561,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6562,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6563,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6564,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6565,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6566,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6567,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6568,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6569,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6570,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6571,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6572,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6573,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6574,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6575,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6576,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6577,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6578,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6579,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6580,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6581,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6582,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6583,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6584,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6585,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6586,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6587,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6588,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6589,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6590,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6591,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6592,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6593,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6594,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6595,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6596,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6597,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6598,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6599,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6600,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6601,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6602,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6603,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6604,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6605,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6606,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6607,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6608,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6609,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6610,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6611,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6612,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6613,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6614,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6615,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6616,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6617,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6618,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6619,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6620,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6621,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6622,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6623,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6624,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6625,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6626,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6627,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6628,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6629,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6630,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6631,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6632,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6633,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6634,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6635,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6636,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6637,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6638,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6639,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6640,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6641,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6642,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6643,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6644,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6645,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6646,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6647,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6648,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6649,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6650,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6651,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6652,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6653,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6654,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6655,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6656,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6657,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6658,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6659,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6660,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6661,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6662,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6663,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6664,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6665,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6666,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6667,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6668,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6669,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6670,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6671,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6672,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6673,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6674,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6675,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6676,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6677,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6678,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6679,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6680,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6681,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6682,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6683,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6684,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6685,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6686,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6687,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6688,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6689,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6690,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6691,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6692,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6693,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6694,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6695,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6696,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6697,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6698,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6699,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6700,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6701,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6702,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6703,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6704,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6705,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6706,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6707,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6708,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6709,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6710,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6711,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6712,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6713,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6714,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6715,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6716,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6717,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6718,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6719,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6720,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6721,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6722,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6723,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6724,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6725,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6726,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6727,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6728,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6729,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6730,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6731,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6732,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6733,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6734,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6735,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6736,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6737,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6738,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6739,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6740,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6741,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6742,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6743,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6744,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6745,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6746,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6747,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6748,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6749,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6750,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6751,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6752,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6753,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6754,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6755,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6756,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6757,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6758,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6759,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6760,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6761,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6762,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6763,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6764,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6765,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6766,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6767,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6768,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6769,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6770,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6771,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6772,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6773,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6774,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6775,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6776,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6777,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6778,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6779,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6780,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6781,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6782,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6783,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6784,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6785,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6786,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6787,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6788,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6789,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6790,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6791,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6792,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6793,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6794,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6795,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6796,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6797,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6798,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6799,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6800,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6801,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6802,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6803,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6804,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6805,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6806,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6807,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6808,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6809,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6810,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6811,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6812,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6813,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6814,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6815,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6816,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6817,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6818,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6819,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6820,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6821,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6822,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6823,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6824,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6825,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6826,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6827,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6828,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6829,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6830,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6831,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6832,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6833,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6834,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6835,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6836,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6837,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6838,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6839,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6840,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6841,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6842,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6843,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6844,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6845,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6846,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6847,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6848,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6849,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6850,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6851,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6852,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6853,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6854,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6855,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6856,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6857,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6858,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6859,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6860,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6861,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6862,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6863,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6864,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6865,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6866,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6867,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6868,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6869,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6870,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6871,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6872,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6873,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6874,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6875,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6876,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6877,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6878,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6879,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6880,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6881,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6882,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6883,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6884,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6885,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6886,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6887,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6888,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6889,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6890,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6891,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6892,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6893,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6894,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6895,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6896,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6897,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6898,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6899,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6900,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6901,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6902,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6903,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6904,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6905,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6906,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6907,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6908,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6909,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6910,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6911,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6912,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6913,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6914,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6915,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6916,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6917,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6918,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6919,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6920,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6921,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6922,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6923,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6924,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6925,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6926,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6927,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6928,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6929,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6930,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6931,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6932,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6933,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6934,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6935,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6936,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6937,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6938,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6939,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6940,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6941,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6942,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6943,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6944,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6945,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6946,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6947,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6948,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6949,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6950,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6951,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6952,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6953,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6954,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6955,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6956,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6957,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6958,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6959,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6960,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6961,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6962,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6963,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6964,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6965,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6966,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6967,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6968,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6969,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6970,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6971,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6972,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6973,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6974,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6975,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6976,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6977,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6978,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6979,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6980,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6981,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6982,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6983,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6984,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6985,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6986,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6987,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6988,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6989,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
6990,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
6991,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
6992,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
6993,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
6994,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
6995,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
6996,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
6997,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
6998,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
6999,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7000,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7001,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7002,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7003,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7004,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7005,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7006,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7007,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7008,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7009,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7010,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7011,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7012,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7013,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7014,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7015,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7016,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7017,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7018,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7019,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7020,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7021,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7022,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7023,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7024,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7025,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7026,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7027,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7028,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7029,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7030,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7031,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7032,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7033,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7034,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7035,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7036,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7037,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7038,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7039,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7040,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7041,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7042,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7043,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7044,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7045,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7046,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7047,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7048,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7049,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7050,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7051,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7052,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7053,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7054,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7055,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7056,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7057,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7058,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7059,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7060,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7061,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7062,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7063,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7064,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7065,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7066,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7067,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7068,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7069,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7070,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7071,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7072,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7073,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7074,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7075,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7076,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7077,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7078,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7079,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7080,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7081,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7082,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7083,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7084,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7085,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7086,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7087,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7088,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7089,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7090,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7091,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7092,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7093,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7094,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7095,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7096,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7097,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7098,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7099,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7100,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7101,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7102,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7103,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7104,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7105,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7106,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7107,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7108,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7109,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7110,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7111,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7112,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7113,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7114,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7115,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7116,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7117,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7118,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7119,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7120,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7121,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7122,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7123,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7124,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7125,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7126,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7127,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7128,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7129,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7130,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7131,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7132,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7133,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7134,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7135,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7136,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7137,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7138,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7139,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7140,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7141,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7142,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7143,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7144,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7145,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7146,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7147,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7148,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7149,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7150,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7151,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7152,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7153,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7154,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7155,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7156,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7157,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7158,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7159,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7160,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7161,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7162,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7163,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7164,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7165,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7166,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7167,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7168,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7169,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7170,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7171,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7172,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7173,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7174,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7175,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7176,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7177,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7178,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7179,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7180,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7181,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7182,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7183,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7184,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7185,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7186,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7187,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7188,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7189,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7190,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7191,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7192,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7193,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7194,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7195,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7196,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7197,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7198,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7199,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7200,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7201,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7202,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7203,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7204,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7205,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7206,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7207,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7208,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7209,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7210,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7211,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7212,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7213,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7214,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7215,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7216,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7217,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7218,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7219,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7220,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7221,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7222,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7223,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7224,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7225,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7226,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7227,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7228,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7229,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7230,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7231,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7232,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7233,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7234,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7235,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7236,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7237,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7238,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7239,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7240,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7241,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7242,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7243,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7244,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7245,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7246,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7247,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7248,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7249,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7250,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7251,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7252,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7253,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7254,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7255,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7256,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7257,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7258,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7259,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7260,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7261,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7262,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7263,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7264,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7265,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7266,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7267,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7268,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7269,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7270,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7271,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7272,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7273,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7274,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7275,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7276,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7277,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7278,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7279,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7280,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7281,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7282,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7283,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7284,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7285,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7286,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7287,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7288,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7289,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7290,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7291,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7292,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7293,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7294,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7295,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7296,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7297,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7298,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7299,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7300,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7301,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7302,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7303,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7304,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7305,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7306,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7307,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7308,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7309,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7310,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7311,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7312,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7313,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7314,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7315,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7316,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7317,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7318,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7319,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7320,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7321,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7322,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7323,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7324,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7325,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7326,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7327,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7328,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7329,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7330,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7331,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7332,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7333,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7334,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7335,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7336,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7337,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7338,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7339,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7340,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7341,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7342,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7343,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7344,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7345,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7346,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7347,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7348,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7349,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7350,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7351,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7352,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7353,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7354,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7355,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7356,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7357,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7358,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7359,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7360,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7361,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7362,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7363,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7364,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7365,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7366,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7367,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7368,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7369,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7370,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7371,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7372,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7373,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7374,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7375,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7376,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7377,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7378,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7379,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7380,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7381,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7382,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7383,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7384,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7385,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7386,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7387,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7388,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7389,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7390,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7391,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7392,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7393,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7394,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7395,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7396,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7397,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7398,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7399,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7400,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7401,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7402,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7403,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7404,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7405,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7406,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7407,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7408,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7409,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7410,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7411,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7412,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7413,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7414,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7415,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7416,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7417,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7418,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7419,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7420,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7421,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7422,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7423,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7424,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7425,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7426,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7427,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7428,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7429,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7430,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7431,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7432,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7433,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7434,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7435,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7436,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7437,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7438,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7439,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7440,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7441,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7442,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7443,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7444,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7445,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7446,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7447,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7448,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7449,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7450,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7451,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7452,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7453,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7454,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7455,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7456,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7457,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7458,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7459,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7460,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7461,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7462,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7463,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7464,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7465,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7466,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7467,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7468,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7469,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7470,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7471,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7472,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7473,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7474,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7475,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7476,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7477,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7478,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7479,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7480,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7481,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7482,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7483,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7484,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7485,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7486,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7487,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7488,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7489,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7490,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7491,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7492,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7493,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7494,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7495,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7496,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7497,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7498,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7499,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7500,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7501,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7502,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7503,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7504,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7505,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7506,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7507,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7508,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7509,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7510,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7511,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7512,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7513,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7514,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7515,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7516,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7517,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7518,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7519,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7520,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7521,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7522,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7523,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7524,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7525,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7526,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7527,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7528,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7529,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7530,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7531,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7532,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7533,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7534,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7535,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7536,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7537,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7538,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7539,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7540,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7541,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7542,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7543,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7544,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7545,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7546,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7547,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7548,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7549,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7550,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7551,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7552,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7553,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7554,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7555,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7556,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7557,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7558,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7559,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7560,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7561,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7562,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7563,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7564,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7565,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7566,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7567,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7568,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7569,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7570,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7571,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7572,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7573,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7574,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7575,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7576,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7577,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7578,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7579,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7580,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7581,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7582,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7583,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7584,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7585,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7586,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7587,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7588,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7589,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7590,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7591,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7592,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7593,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7594,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7595,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7596,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7597,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7598,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7599,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7600,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7601,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7602,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7603,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7604,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7605,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7606,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7607,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7608,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7609,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7610,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7611,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7612,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7613,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7614,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7615,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7616,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7617,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7618,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7619,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7620,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7621,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7622,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7623,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7624,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7625,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7626,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7627,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7628,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7629,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7630,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7631,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7632,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7633,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7634,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7635,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7636,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7637,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7638,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7639,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7640,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7641,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7642,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7643,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7644,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7645,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7646,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7647,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7648,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7649,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7650,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7651,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7652,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7653,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7654,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7655,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7656,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7657,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7658,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7659,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7660,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7661,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7662,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7663,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7664,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7665,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7666,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7667,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7668,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7669,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7670,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7671,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7672,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7673,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7674,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7675,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7676,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7677,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7678,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7679,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7680,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7681,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7682,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7683,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7684,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7685,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7686,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7687,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7688,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7689,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7690,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7691,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7692,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7693,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7694,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7695,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7696,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7697,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7698,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7699,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7700,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7701,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7702,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7703,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7704,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7705,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7706,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7707,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7708,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7709,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7710,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7711,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7712,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7713,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7714,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7715,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7716,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7717,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7718,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7719,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7720,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7721,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7722,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7723,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7724,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7725,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7726,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7727,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7728,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7729,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7730,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7731,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7732,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7733,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7734,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7735,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7736,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7737,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7738,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7739,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7740,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7741,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7742,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7743,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7744,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7745,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7746,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7747,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7748,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7749,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7750,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7751,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7752,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7753,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7754,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7755,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7756,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7757,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7758,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7759,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7760,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7761,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7762,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7763,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7764,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7765,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7766,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7767,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7768,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7769,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7770,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7771,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7772,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7773,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7774,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7775,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7776,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7777,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7778,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7779,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7780,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7781,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7782,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7783,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7784,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7785,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7786,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7787,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7788,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7789,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7790,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7791,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7792,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7793,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7794,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7795,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7796,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7797,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7798,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7799,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7800,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7801,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7802,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7803,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7804,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7805,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7806,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7807,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7808,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7809,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7810,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7811,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7812,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7813,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7814,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7815,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7816,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7817,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7818,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7819,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7820,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7821,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7822,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7823,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7824,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7825,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7826,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7827,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7828,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7829,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7830,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7831,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7832,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7833,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7834,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7835,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7836,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7837,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7838,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7839,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7840,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7841,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7842,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7843,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7844,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7845,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7846,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7847,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7848,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7849,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7850,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7851,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7852,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7853,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7854,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7855,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7856,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7857,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7858,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7859,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7860,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7861,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7862,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7863,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7864,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7865,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7866,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7867,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7868,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7869,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7870,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7871,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7872,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7873,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7874,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7875,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7876,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7877,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7878,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7879,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7880,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7881,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7882,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7883,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7884,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7885,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7886,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7887,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7888,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7889,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7890,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7891,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7892,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7893,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7894,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7895,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7896,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7897,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7898,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7899,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7900,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7901,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7902,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7903,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7904,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7905,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7906,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7907,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7908,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7909,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7910,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7911,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7912,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7913,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7914,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7915,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7916,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7917,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7918,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7919,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7920,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7921,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7922,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7923,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7924,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7925,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7926,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7927,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7928,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7929,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7930,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7931,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7932,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7933,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7934,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7935,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7936,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7937,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7938,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7939,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7940,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7941,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7942,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7943,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7944,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7945,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7946,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7947,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7948,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7949,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7950,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7951,5,Nice earphon,Headphone,12
7952,4,"headset is good,but the amount of bass is not in accordance with the sound i feel like the bass is much more than the sound i think boat should work on it",Headphone,154
7953,4,Great performance for music nd gaming (mainly for pubg luvrz),Headphone,61
7954,4,One of best product.,Headphone,20
7955,4,Nice product ...,Headphone,16
7956,5,This earphone is very good..,Headphone,28
7957,5,Good at this price range,Headphone,24
7958,4,Light weight... good quality of sound and worth of money,Headphone,56
7959,4,Must buy! I usually change my earphones in every 4 to 5 months but this was the best choice. Exceptional sound quality Great material the best among the earphones in this price range !   Edit : after 1 year  This is the best earphone I have ever came across. Even after using it so roughly... I am amazed !  The earphones are perfectly fine   No doubt this is the best for me.  The earphone is best. It gives me a different kind of relief,Headphone,438
7960,5,Nice bass with perfect sound,Headphone,28
7961,5,"Writing this review after 2 weeks. PROS:-less weight High brightness User friendly Good speed Notification is stylish and very useful Good in look when screen off😬 Battery life is good Water resistance works well Screen quality is very good.. even i thought its gorilla glass You can add any photo as wallpaper CONS: Screen size is disappointing App is very bad..new update is not working well..please make better app developers. When changing to external wallpaper, time and date become little...",Headphone,497
7962,4,Wooww🖤Grt watch awesome 💌💌 🖤I loved it super fabulous🖤 Best of the brand like boat 💯,Headphone,84
7963,4,"Been using this Watch since it's launch. 30th Oct 2020. The product seems good initially, but fails to impress after long time use.  Pros: 1. The watch is lightweight & has slightly premium look. 2. The battery life is good, It lasts more than a week if you don't record any activity & a week if any activities are recorded. (Auto heart rate monitor on & with wake up gesture on) 3. The apps gives good amount of the info about the daily exercise, sleep, and heart rate. 4. The OS is simple.  Con...",Headphone,499
7964,4,"Boat smart watch nice and decent product in this price range. The functionality is amazing and display quality is also good, the battery life is not so good compare to other smart watches this is the main drawback, the battery life comes for 5-6 days for 1 full charge. Belt quality good and smooth. ❤️ Rate sensor gives nearly accurate BPM and other good thing is oxygen sensor is good but I don't know how much accurate this, BP monitoring also there quite a good feature, music control is good...",Headphone,499
7965,4,"Ya its a cool watch and I liked the built quality , and water resistant , itts looking cool and its working accurate ly . Cons.... 1. App clearance 2. Notification vibration. Exapt this all are nice features in this watch",Headphone,221
7966,5,Watch is amazing. Looks so good & battery is good last for 4 to 5 days. Great deal..Thank you Flipkart💖😊👏,Headphone,105
7967,5,Good watch...👍 Use after 10 day .and one time charge. Battery backup so nice upto 9-10 day...my boat watch received 10 days..after Use boat strom watch quality GOOD nice and metal body casing so good wach belt quality.cloued based watch 38 face.and later OTA UPDATE. version 7 update but boat storm v7 personalize face watch not avaliable in pro gear app Please. So next update add features in pro gear and all of good nice watch in price range,Headphone,444
7968,4,Writing this review after 4 days  Display is very nice Battery backup is very good After app update more watch faces are available Notification vibration are in it Design is very stylish Scroling smoothness also nice accuracy is good Apps notification are good At this price the boat storm smart watch is very nice,Smart Watch,314
7969,5,Very nice product this watch is amazing I'm very happy to buy this smart watch,Smart Watch,78
7970,3,"Design and aesthetic : The storm looks like a premium watch and also the black aesthetic goes well with formal or casual dresses (Traditional/Ethnic dresses are a bit of hit or miss)  Build and Durability : The body feels rigid and durable but still it would hurt to add on a screen protector to prevent any scratches on the glass  Functionality : Simple UI and simple controls but does the job pretty well. Measures SpO2, Heart Rate, Blood pressure in addition to the usual steps and distance cal...",Smart Watch,500
7971,4,"It was a Xmas gift for my fiance. And she loved it. Good Battery Back Up, premium rich feel, activities and features. 5 star product.... Boat Rocks!!",Smart Watch,149
7972,4,Delivery was super fast (Ordered yesterday got it today by 12:30pm) Now about the watch it is all comfortable with the strap and dont expect any big boxes to shoot some unboxing videos box contains charging cable some papers about watch and boAt watch has many features today is the first day of my usage I'll update it in 1 week I'm still confused how to change dials. If someone can help me with the dial faces pls respond.  Edit:- Face dials are gonna be available once the update is there (o...,Smart Watch,498
7973,5,"Go for it. I don't believe in any reviews untill I use it any gadgets. You can consider accuracy level in btw 85 to 95 perc.  My positive Result of Day 1 uses.  SLEEP MODE. GOOD BLOOD PRESSURE. NORMAL  DIAL INTERFACE. EVERY TIME YOU NEED TO EITHER DOWNLOAD A PHOTO OR SELECT FROM YOUR OWN PHONE GALLARY .  MUSIC CONTROL CONTROL YOUR DEFAULT MUSIC PLAYER, VOL UP AND DOWN . AND PAUSE AND PLAY.  Incorrect accuracy in waking activitie - automatically update walki...",Smart Watch,464
7974,5,"Looks nice  Battery backup is good (8-9 days after full charge)  Oxygen level and heart rate is almost accurate.  Step count, calorie count etc also accurate.  Only concern is Boat Pro Gear app, it doesn't work well as of now. Problems in changing watch faces. So it need to be updated asap.  Overall of you are looking for a budget smart watch you can go for it.",Smart Watch,363
7975,5,"After use for one month I write this review, battery backup is gud, I have made update and custom wallpaper is superb, call notification is superb, msgs receive properly, but blue strap is not Luking cool as black one .....other features are gud and works well......one thing more Alwyz on display feature is needed but not available in storm",Smart Watch,342
7976,5,"It was a great smart watch, with amazing activity trackers,and I like the sleep calculator",Smart Watch,90
7977,5,Excellent product very nice watch better than realme and huami . Activity tracker is very nice give an good idea of activity. It have music control too. Worth of money. Recommended product 😍😍👌👌👍❤❤,Smart Watch,196
7978,4,"In terms of looks it is pretty neat in this price range and features as well for different modes like walk, Run, Yoga etc. The app interface is straight to point. I primarily use it for calories counter and sleep tracker. It also has BP and Oxegen monitor as well which can be handily not for accurate use.  For 2.5k it is ok but don't spend much on these watches if you are looking for some serious lifestyle. Just use it for casual fitness tracker for basics.  Overall its a good device in this ...",Smart Watch,500
7979,4,Best smart watch battery excellent very comfortable I using last @ 45 days after only I post this review I buy 2 for me and my wife it's looking very smart and cute ... I recommend for all its budget smartwatch worth of money ....,Smart Watch,230
7980,4,"I liked the most..... Why... Listen  1. Battery back up very good, up-to ten days with all kinds of activities, and three days back up with very heavy works like heart rate monitoring blood pressure monitoring.  2. Vibration is very good. Works with alarm and all kinds of notifications such as whatsapp, telegram instra....  3. Calling screen I liked the most.  4.the app also works great, with the recent update it automatically synchronized every time.  5. Foot steps counting also good.  ...",Smart Watch,495
7981,4,Its been 1 week using it it works greal i loved it all the sensor works perfect spo2 and bp monitor is best the desing the quality i loved it . Loved the custom face option,Smart Watch,172
7982,4,"Initially i thought that the watch would look too big on my wrist but it fits well and looks good too. Coming to the functioning part, works well if you set your watch according to your needs. Since i get too occupied with my work, i love it when it reminds me to take an activity, or be it checking the pulse rate, o2 level or steps taken. Its best in the market.",Smart Watch,364
7983,5,"I was really stunned by getting such a best product I was never knowing that Flipkart would provide me with such prestantious gagdtes or electronics ,,,,, the watch is just topgallant and perfect ,,, the belt,, it's display ,,it's screen it's features the charging everything is next to perfect ... I would recommend everyone to buy this watch it's the best budget watch with several features which any normal persons or even gym and fitness persons wants ....",Smart Watch,460
7984,5,"Best smartwatch you can get at this price range. A whopping good battery backup, charges up pretty fast too... UI is pretty good",Smart Watch,128
7985,3,Notifications are biggest issue. You have to do the setting again and again in the app. Even after that notification functionality doesn't work properly. No wonder why it's so cheap. Won't recommended to buy it. As there is no use of the smart watch if you don't get proper notifications.,Smart Watch,288
7986,5,Nice smart watch best money for value and fast activity watches and best option oxygen level metre but notification function best very late function on👍👍💯💯💥,Smart Watch,156
7987,5,"This is my first review, for any product! It is fully based in the initial usage! This is my first smart watch as well! Literally I was worried about the dialer size, since my wrist is very small and thought it would be larger! But it fits perfectly to my wrist! As I said, in my initial usage, the watch holds really good, functionalities working fine! Display is in a descent size! Strap is in a good quality! Vibrations work fine! Notifications do comes with a good prompt! As of now everyth...",Smart Watch,497
7988,5,Super! This watch looks really cool. I loved it. Thanks for fast delivery. An excellent watch at this price point. The sensors are reasonably accurate. A wonderful value for money device.,Smart Watch,187
7989,5,"Writing this review after 11 days.  1. Price :- This watch is best in this price segment as compared to other brands/SW. This watch comes with a lot of pros. 2. Battery :- Battery is beast. (Charged it to 99% and it's 42% available now after using it 11 days continuously.) 3. Display :- Display is best according to the price. 4. Accuracy :- Accuracy is very good.(step counter, heart rate, SpO2) 5. Connectivity :- Connectivity is seamless.(No issues in connection and synchronisation) 6. Looks ...",Smart Watch,500
7990,5,"This is actually a Good Watch. Well built, nice design, good material... Worth the money...",Smart Watch,91
7991,5,"After 2 days of research, 100 of reviews and YouTube videos I finally got this with Republic Day offer for 2k. Mostly it is 2.5k. its worth the money. Compared to nearest competition (noise, Miband, realme) it is not only cheaper but has more features like water resistance (I have literally washed it with soap!). Oxygen sensor is accurate (checked with actual oxymeter), walking tracker is bang accurate. For price of an Apple watch you can buy Boat watch for your entire apartment.",Smart Watch,484
7992,2,"Giving 2 star because ITs Made in China and theres REBOOT bug during synchronization, I hope they fix it in upcoming updates. - Watch is good for the price - Heart rate sensor is quite close to my oximeters heart rate sensor but I would NOT recommend using this for medical purpose - Watch looks good, rubber strap seems good quality - Didn't like cloud watch faces and just began using default watch face. - Custom wallpapers can be applied but then you'll have to live with small font time. I do...",Smart Watch,500
7993,4,"Don't expect surprises, it's best for the price only. Screen size is too small, strap quality is average, UI is not so smooth, battery capacity need to check on the go. What I didn't like most will be the screen - both quality as well as size. I bought this cos ot has BP, spo2 and heart rate monitors.",Smart Watch,302
7994,5,"Really good battery backup, i loved the sleep tracking which i feel is pretty accurate...also loved the custom watch face",Smart Watch,121
7995,5,Very good watch I have 2 watches very nice experience 😍😘😘 good battery... Very useful,Smart Watch,85
7996,5,Best smart watch with good battery life My watch gives 12 day back up on moderate use Accurate Blood pressure monitoring,Smart Watch,120
7997,4,Hi all...this is my first review in flipkart and basically I don't what to do the same..but now I am disclosing my views is that how really the watch works.  Cons:  The below views are after the updation of the app to the latest version. 1. Poor response for the notifications even we set 1 sec delay for notifications in the app 2. The heart rate monitor and blood pressure monitor is not that much accurate we can't do anything from the values displayed. So this features are almost unnecessary ...,Smart Watch,500
7998,5,"Awesome I suggest every one to buy this bez try new good battery life, good performance, looks classy",Smart Watch,101
7999,2,"A genuinely review of the boat Strom watch  At this price it was a very good quality watch, No other brands provide watch of this specification at this price It was a very very low weight watch. The another pro's of the watch is that it provide all the measurements ( heart rate, blood pressure etc) accurate.  Also the sports feature of the watch is good enough,  At the end I tell you that, don't confused with another brand just go for it. Thank You  Like the review if you get helped out.",Smart Watch,492
8000,3,"Most affordable smart watch with all required built in features like oxygen saturation, blood pressure monitor etc. Worth buying...",Smart Watch,131
8001,5,Beautiful smart watch loved its look just awesome at this price....,Smart Watch,67
8002,4,"After lot of research, finally decided to go with Boat Smart watch. Got the delivery in 2 days. FlipKart is as usual rocking with speed delivery. I haven't fully checked all the options of the watch but as a first look, watch is good. Light weight. Syncs well eith mobile phone via ProGear App. Able to change the skin via cloud. So far so good. Will check other features and update my review later.",Smart Watch,399
8003,4,We used this smart watch in 3 month then we write the review Battery capacity only 10 days approx Touch display good Sensor not work Screen is good  Not good product.,Smart Watch,166
8004,3,This watch looks really cool. I loved it. Thanks for fast delivery. Excellent choice for those who are looking for a fitness band.,Smart Watch,130
8005,5,Watch wise good but smart watch wise fail i bought for check oxizen level but it fail.,Smart Watch,86
8006,5,"Its very osm, light weight value for money, notification and activity tracker is fantastic connectivity is good, accuracy is good smooth and easy function.",Smart Watch,155
8007,5,"If call function is it there this watch is awesome , and even we can't attend call but we can see notification and reject the call , very simplest design and limited app facilities. Heart beat measurements are accurate or not I'm not sure about is steps and other calorie function are normal like other smart watch and battery capacity is depends on usage specified by the product 🙂",Smart Watch,382
8008,5,"I got it for 2K, in this budget this is the best watch. I am writing this review after 7 day of use. Earlier i faced some issues like restarting when try to sync data and data loss when restart but after firmware update it is fixed. Have many features like spo2, heat rate bp etc. In 2000 this is the best watch. It looks very premium. Battery can last upto 4-5 days.",Smart Watch,367
8009,4,This watch is made in PRC that is made in China. If i would have known this before buying would have never bought this. Regret now.  About product : Nice product for 2000 bucks. Health reading are not so accurate but near to accurate. I am buying smart watch first time so happy with it.Battery backup is excellent. Touch is fine as well.,Smart Watch,338
8010,1,It's a very nice watch. Really value for money. I liked it alot. Design and buit quality both are awsome. It also comes with good features in this price segment. And it looks so classy.,Smart Watch,185
8011,5,I purchased this watch and I am very happy with this watch who all are finding the budget watch please buy this one if you have only 2000 ruppees budget so at my point of view and experience with this watch please extend your budget little bit more to 2500 ruppees but must buy this watch and it's app is also very easy to use and who all are saying that the app is so bad no it's not all those who are saying this they don't know about technology and watch looks also very impressive but company...,Smart Watch,499
8012,1,"Nice smart watch, best purchase, I love it, step count approx right...",Smart Watch,70
8013,5,"Pros - very gud looking, stylish, screen touch also fine & smooth working, battery backup also very well going, strap quality best , sensors works good.  Cons - vibration quality not upto the mark as i felt as compared to mi band (i used). , heart rate measurement fluctuating always & the fluctuation digits reading for 2-3 times is not nearby accurate reading. And the main issue i checked, it looses the connection from the app boat progear automatically anytime , you have to checkin into the...",Smart Watch,499
8014,4,1. Light weight 2. Easy to use all the options 3. Wellness mode is awesome and lookalike accurate so far. 4. Connectivity with Boat pro gear all is easy and hassle free. 5.Ordered yesterday 12PM and Delivered at 12PM and 5 star delivery from Ekart.,Smart Watch,248
8015,5,Very nice watch.. Very nicely working. Charging is fast and battery life is more than a week.  Dial little small but fits to my wrist. Very amazing product.,Smart Watch,156
8016,4,"I think I have got this in a best deal of 1,999/- over all product is really good watch looks classy, custom wallpaper is one of the best thing which attracted me.. Over all nice product Good design n perfect finish of display 5* to STORM .",Smart Watch,240
8017,5,Best watch in this range and all features are working well just go for it battery backup is very strong you can easily use watch for 5-6 days in full battery,Smart Watch,157
8018,5,Fabulous watch under 2500. I have gifted to my hubby on our anniversary. Thank you boat and Flipkart for speedy delivery,Smart Watch,120
8019,5,All is very good but Bluetooth is not perfect work on within 5 meter Renge ...is not good company given 10 meter... So not happy but ok,Smart Watch,135
8020,3,"First of all if you have any dout so kick it out best smart watch under this prove range you are not going to find a smart watch under 4000-5000 with all those features it offers under 2500. Good Features- It offers heartrate, o2 which are very accurate. The bp featurr is very satisfactory. The sports modes are awesome. Its user interface is very clean i dont know why people just say that it is bad. Its design is just awesome and looks premium.  Cons- Its app has some bugs to be fixed aft...",Smart Watch,496
8021,5,I am I'm not able to to add my custom picture in the watch as a wallpaper so I I find it many ways to do it but in the end I could not find any solution to add my custom picture in the the watch itself so if you have any solution to it kindly inform me otherwise the watch is ok a the display is shorter than I thought in the pic the straps are good otherwise all the features are good except the display and I am not able to change the picture,Smart Watch,444
8022,5,"Awesome product, feature laden smartwatch, does not betray at any point. I am submitting this after one week use of product. It has motion sensors which can monitor my SPO2, heart rate and Blood Pressure to stay healthy and fit, this is a combination of all. Absolutely loved this and highly recommend this. I am giving a 5 star to a very nice product. All functions are working properly and efficiently. I have paid Rs.2999/- for this product where Battery back up during the week is very good re...",Smart Watch,500
8023,5,"Some of functions needs to be upgraded, hoat pro gear app is the only way to operate the functions. It does not support google Wear OS app. Most important, the available dail looks are just ordinary not so cool. Watching time function is not user friendly. Touch is good but dial looks small. Bluetooth range is also a constraint. Can be much better",Smart Watch,349
8024,5,"Watch Is Very Good And The Best In This Price Range - 2500 Rs .. But The App is Very Bad And Updates Are Worst .. There Are Some Problems With Watch Faces , Whatsapp Notifications .. Except This The Watch Is Worth For Buying ... If You Are Looking For The Best Watch Under 3500 Rs Or 3000rs Definitely Buy This Watch .. And Another Alternate is Zebronics Smart Watch Which Costs Around 2300 Rs",Smart Watch,393
8025,5,"If you are looking for some large display size then don't go for it. In terms of looks it's pretty good. And the functions like heart rate,oxygen level etc are showing approximate results. Rise to wake function is bit slow. But it's overpriced now I,e 2999. During the first sale it's price was 1499 which is worthy. During an offer I got it for 1999. Under 2k it is worth to buy. But not beyond that price.",Smart Watch,407
8026,3,"Good product, perfect for tracking sports. I found the health related features to be inconsistent. Also the sync between the app and the watch is a bit snappy sometimes hence not able to set custom watch faces.  If you are in the market for an entry level fitness tracker, this will do just good!!",Smart Watch,297
8027,5,"Nice product. I got it for 2000 rs only .battery is good and charging also..display is average..not good..the display is far far better on amazefit bip u..if u a crisp and hd display lover ,add some money and go for amazefit bip u..you will love it.Apart from display everything else is really good",Smart Watch,298
8028,3,The features are not that much godd if you compare with amaze fit or noise pro 3 but at this price segment it is perfect i bought it at 1999 rs in sale and i personally think it is the cheapest smart watch with the features like spo2. So it is value for money.,Smart Watch,260
8029,5,This review is after one week of useage. Value for money. Seems very accurate on all features like step counting & sports. 13% change remaining on 6th day after first charging. I like this product.,Smart Watch,197
8030,3,Its good one .. nice features for this rate.. i took this under bigbillon day.. and receive best one.,Smart Watch,101
8031,4,Boat strom smartwatch is real good deal under 2000 and it's completely value for money...  But the only thing is it calculates steps even when we are on train bus or car..... I had 40000 steps in one day when I was in train and hadn't walk more the 500 steps because I was in train for whole day  Oximeter will always shows 99% Blood pressure will. Show completely wrong reading  Heart rate is accurate  Overall you can go for it....heart rate reading is quite accurate Avoid buying it only if you...,Smart Watch,500
8032,3,"Good watch during sports activities. Nice design.. Display of step counting is very small for older people. Bp, oxigen count and heart beat are almost accurate... Any way good item.. Battery will last for 6 days",Smart Watch,211
8033,4,"I received watch on 28 April. Watch came with charger, warranty card,boat sticker. It was well packed,in good condition. Look wise it's looks good. Display is good n clear even under sunlight. Belt won't very very best quality but it's very decent n acceptable one light weight we can change if needed. Watch tracks steps with difference of +- 10 steps when crosschecked manually counting n with my old lenovo hw01 band. Spo2 it reads with very well being a surgeon I checked with our standard O2...",Smart Watch,499
8034,4,"Nice and good product by boat Pros 1. Simple design 2. Matel body 3. Simple UI 4. HR, spo2, BP sensor  Cons 1. Watch faces are not available 2. Stress monitor not available although BP sensor available",Smart Watch,201
8035,3,"Screen resolution: good Wake up on rise: takes 1 second to wake Watch faces: only 3 watch faces available (You can set any picture as wallpaper) Band: soft and smooth Price: best smart watch in this price (I got it in 2000) App: app working perfectly Heart rate, oxigen, bp, pedometer works nearly accurate",Smart Watch,306
8036,5,Strip very Nice 8 days battery backup Bp and spo2 quick result Display clearity best All sensor reported quickly Over all in 2k best watch i have seen,Smart Watch,150
8037,4,Nice watch. Looking very good in my hand.And all functions are working well. So I'm fully satisfied with this product. Thank you Flipkart. I got it Rs1999,Smart Watch,154
8038,5,"Looks good and works great. Me and my partner purchased it to keep track on the steps we walk, cycling and swimming. It is really feature rich and very useful. It has created a healthy competition in the family. It does not allow your laziness to dominate your lifestyle. Must buy to keep watch on fitness...steps, sleep, heart beats, oxygen, BP, etc. Connect easily with mobile and syncs all the details in no time.",Smart Watch,416
8039,5,"Best smart watch at this cost of 2500........ thank u boat, and flipkart bcz they sent first wrong pincode and resent on 1day late........ i believed on flipkart bcz of quality based on the time, now a days good response from flipkart ekart also good response",Smart Watch,259
8040,4,An excellent watch at this price point . The sensors are reasonably accurate. A wonderful value for money device. Prompt delivery by flipkart,Smart Watch,141
8041,5,"Good one with best price, but the BP monitor is not that much accurate, SPO2 nd HRt is accurate compared with medical divice.",Smart Watch,125
8042,5,Awesome watch for this price I have used it for two months now. Display is super smooth and touch is good. Display is bright so no issues in sunlight. Battery comes for more then 2 weeks. Looks much better in person then in the photo. Looks premium watch.,Smart Watch,255
8043,5,I like the watch but it is not supporting some apps which i wish it could. It would help me if someone can touch base to see if this can be sorted. Some of the features like BP and Oxygen check are really useful,Smart Watch,211
8044,5,"Value for money, minimum 10 days battery backup nyc look good features over all I can say this smart watch is best in this range so guys this is good option 👍",Smart Watch,158
8045,5,The brand should add a call picking and dailing features as a normal smart watch of 500 ruppes has this feature Although the watch is nice all functions are good love it..,Smart Watch,171
8046,5,Worth the price and blue color looks way better than black... Its an affordable good quality smartwatch.,Smart Watch,104
8047,5,First of all device should hav at least some battery inside the box.  Pros: 1 Most sensors at this price (at least on paper). 2 Nice build quality especially Strap and dial material.  Cons : 1 Heart rate sensor shows 15-20 beats more than actual (in my case). 2 SPO2 values differs upto 10-15 % every time when checked continuosly. 3 Step count is not as accurate as my MI band 5. 4 OS is not furnished right now.,Smart Watch,413
8048,4,Nice product and design very beautiful work very nice,Smart Watch,53
8049,5,absolutely amazing product display is very good looks are amazing hoping updates will be soon overall a must buy product accuracy is absolutely nice superb product please buy,Smart Watch,174
8050,5,I liked this watch very much it's just worth it and perfectly splendid,Smart Watch,70
8051,5,Goood but calling notification was too slow if the manufacturing company is see my review so please improve the calling notification upgrade so faster otherwise the product was best 5 out of 4.5,Smart Watch,194
8052,5,Super Amazing Product - worth buying - I only use it for running purpose and walkint purpose  Other features are not up to the mark like BP accuracy etc but it solves my purpose  I recommend it 100%  - A Happy buyer,Smart Watch,215
8053,3,Not Satisfied as much as expected.. screen was too small in real Incoming Call notification viewed so late by the time.. was not described at any video or details page.. Otherwise a good product in other things like sports activities.. Not worth to buying this..,Smart Watch,262
8054,2,No option for always on display. No option for touch awake. Not nearest to accurate readings but shows decent readings that could help in maintaining worst health. Battery life reduces on using watch to the fullest pace therefore lasting till 5-7 days not more than that. Flip sensor not very responsive and seems flickering sometimes. Have to reset watch for at least three to four times to be calibrated. Better to get replacement or refund if you face minor issue.  Watch needs firmware and sof...,Smart Watch,500
8055,5,Very good especially spo2 it’s showing almost accurate in present pandemic I hope it’s very useful for everyone and also the device weight its too low there is no feeling of wearing a watch finally its worthy device and I’ll update the device battery backup after 15 days 😍😍,Smart Watch,274
8056,5,Very good watch loved it 👍 nice display and the band is also very comfortable I also loved the different background we can chose from phone photo and the in built background best watch in the market 😀 in this price range i recommend to buy it..,Smart Watch,244
8057,5,"As design wise gd not so much ..battery backup also ok but the accuracy of spo2 and bp its not gd ..some times spo2 91 and after refreshing its 99 so I dont like this watch ,its just like a digital watch ..and some entertaining things in in it ..thats it ..I think u understand what I am saying",Smart Watch,294
8058,5,"Boat smart watch nice and decent product in this price range. The functionality is amazing and display quality is also good, the battery life is not so good compare to other smart watches this is the main drawback, the battery life comes for 5-6 days for 1 full charge. Belt quality good and smooth",Smart Watch,298
8059,5,Build quality is good and battery backup is osam ...   But we expect other features like sim and tf card port etc like less priced smartwatches had....   But this watch doesn't have those facilities.... But still good to go with this product bez it's having excellent battery backup... 1 charge can use upto 10 days....,Smart Watch,319
8060,3,the product is good in term of features and look but the quality of the product not much good also the screen is not good,Smart Watch,121
8061,2,"Display size is good. But except walking steps all other readings like BP, Heart beat etc are not at all accurate. All the time, it shows the same values...Just 2 unit differences only it shows...I have Honor 5 smart watch, it's almost accurate and touch panel also was good. Not very happy with the purchase....Hope, Boat would correct by updating its app and make me happy",Smart Watch,374
8062,5,"So finally 2 days of uses i truly say to everyone that This watch is so good in this budget Blood oxygen , blood pressure and heart rate monitor perform very good.  98% accurate result Good battery life on continue heart rate you can easy use it 5 days  Splash and water proof  If you want more detailed So visit my you tube channel  TECH PRO NG",Smart Watch,345
8063,5,Very Nice watch Good Battery Backup and looking nice,Smart Watch,52
8064,3,After 2 months watch is to good 👌💕 battery backup tracking system good looking everything is good,Smart Watch,97
8065,5,Osm watch.. ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,16
8066,5,"Value for money , nice smart watch , looks awesome 👍👍",Smart Watch,53
8067,3,Nice but required more features,Smart Watch,31
8068,3,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
8069,5,Veri nice😊,Smart Watch,10
8070,5,Good product. I am fully satisfied,Smart Watch,34
8071,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8072,5,Good...value for money..,Smart Watch,24
8073,4,Design is good and battery backup is excellent ☺️👍 worth the price,Smart Watch,66
8074,5,Good quality smart watch. 👌 Worth of money👌👍👍😋,Smart Watch,46
8075,4,Very good watch',Smart Watch,16
8076,5,I m very happy..,Smart Watch,16
8077,5,It's very beautiful and authentic product it's charging time is very less and also give 7-8 days battery backup.,Smart Watch,112
8078,5,Nice fully satisfied thnku,Smart Watch,26
8079,5,Must buy,Smart Watch,8
8080,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
8081,5,"I got this product today only.. so cannot write review on basis of performance.. but with the price it's a bang on product.. now it doesn't support third party applications, which is a negetive, but allover it's a good thing according to the price..",Smart Watch,249
8082,5,Love it❤,Smart Watch,8
8083,5,Looking stunning ... Luv thiswatch 😍,Smart Watch,36
8084,4,Exellent one...i gifted it to my best friend and she was very hppy..And thankyou flipkart for 2 days superfast delivery.,Smart Watch,120
8085,5,"Will give 4.5 out of 5. Only one thing that I dont like is you can't receive call through this watch,only you can disconnect the call. Remaining all good.",Smart Watch,154
8086,5,Nice wach.... 💓💓🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥,Smart Watch,21
8087,4,Display is Ok (not so good or not so bad) Build quality good.. it looks premium specially the side button. The UI is so bad and laggy. The sensors are somewhat correct but not exact. The main problem of this watch is connection to phone.. it disconnect in every morning i don't know why and then it's a tough task to connect again to phone..,Smart Watch,341
8088,4,Amazing watch...,Smart Watch,16
8089,4,Amazing watch for the price. All the features of a premium smart watch and some more,Smart Watch,84
8090,4,"Best watch , I bought for 1999 ,don't give more money wait for sale , don't even give 2499 ,display is little bit small ,over all best watch for under 2k",Smart Watch,153
8091,5,Good working,Smart Watch,12
8092,5,It's really Awesome.. value for money..,Smart Watch,39
8093,5,Just loved it,Smart Watch,13
8094,3,It's really Awesome.. battery backup is good .. Colour is very nice.,Smart Watch,68
8095,5,I just love the two colors. I am the first person to post grey colour watch😍😍,Smart Watch,77
8096,5,Value for money.. Looking expensive,Smart Watch,35
8097,4,Watch is awesome looks so good,Smart Watch,30
8098,4,Just osm 😍osm😍 osm😍,Smart Watch,19
8099,4,Very good 😊,Smart Watch,11
8100,5,If u measure ur freeze or table bp or heart rate u will suprise they have heart too,Smart Watch,83
8101,5,The only thing according to me was a displeasure was it do not have enough dial faces.,Smart Watch,86
8102,5,Awsome,Smart Watch,6
8103,5,Good Watch,Smart Watch,10
8104,4,I request all not to buy ths product... If u want to return the watch they won't take it bck thy call u day by day n waste ur time..thy waste the time untill the return policy.. is...so please buy ths product in market never buy online...ths pple r jst disgusting....,Smart Watch,267
8105,5,I gifted my sister she is very happy🥰ThNk u flipkart,Smart Watch,52
8106,5,All is well. It's a satisfactory buy. Thanks.,Smart Watch,45
8107,1,Adorable 💙,Smart Watch,10
8108,5,Really very Nice product... I Like this watch stroam...Thank u flipkart,Smart Watch,71
8109,5,Almost superb 😊👍👍,Smart Watch,17
8110,5,Very disappointed. I recieved a reused watch. When took it out from box there were lots of messages of another person In it.,Smart Watch,124
8111,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
8112,5,I am writing this review after 8 days of use so the best thing of this watch is battery backup I received this watch with 79% battery and today the battery is 10% I haven't charged it then also I got 8 days battery backup so after full charge it will definitely give 10-11 days battery backup the material of watch is really really good as per the price it has a metallic body and activity tracking is really good and accurate first time when you will wear the watch it will feel little bit small ...,Smart Watch,500
8113,5,Nice watch 😊,Smart Watch,12
8114,5,Good watch ...... Quality is good in this price..,Smart Watch,49
8115,3,"Watch look's stylish , it's buildquality is also very good but packaging of watch is not so much good",Smart Watch,101
8116,5,Looking gorgeous😍😍😍,Smart Watch,19
8117,1,Very much satisfied and happy with this product,Smart Watch,47
8118,5,Nice super,Smart Watch,10
8119,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
8120,5,"Disgusting item . It shows BP , Heart rate, O2 inaccurate and even it shows BP and O2 for Pen.",Smart Watch,94
8121,5,It's a gd experience with boat smart watch 1st tym... It's mesmerizing... Just loved it... Hope for best,Smart Watch,104
8122,5,Good watch 🤘,Smart Watch,12
8123,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
8124,5,"Bad product, if u don't know how to make good smart watch plz stop manufacturing, I had purchase 2 smart watch one from noise another from boat, my god what a horrible it work fine for one month after that it's dead it's not getting switch on, after connecting to charger it's just vibrating. Plz plz don't loot our heard earned money",Smart Watch,334
8125,5,Osm Product🥰🔥,Smart Watch,13
8126,5,Superb product......,Smart Watch,20
8127,1,Osm product total paisa vasul Superb looking fast charging nd last long,Smart Watch,71
8128,5,💯💯 Display - 4/5 Battery-3/5 Functions-5/5 Notification accuracy-4/5 Health accuracy-4/5 Over-all-4.5/5,Smart Watch,103
8129,5,Its nice ...,Smart Watch,12
8130,1,Very good product. Awsm quality.. Straps are so soft.,Smart Watch,53
8131,1,"Not connecting Bluetooth , Bad look , Re start problem No property notification...",Smart Watch,82
8132,5,Good watch at this price,Smart Watch,24
8133,5,With the recent recent firmware update (version 6) The watch gets rebooted everytime we try to sync the data. It causes too much battery drain and hell lot of irritation. Hope the next update arrives soon in which it will be fixed. Battery also drains rapidly. I was getting anywhere between 7 to 9 days before the firmware update. Now it directly fell to 3 days,Smart Watch,362
8134,5,Best watch 🔥,Smart Watch,12
8135,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
8136,4,Supebb... product that's i can suggest to friend,Smart Watch,48
8137,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8138,1,Steps not getting updated in the smartwatch,Smart Watch,43
8139,4,Blood pressure Sensor not working properly and Social media Notification Not showing ( Whatsapp Instagram Etc),Smart Watch,110
8140,1,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
8141,5,I love this product very much...,Smart Watch,32
8142,4,worst watch..always hang during syncing. please don't buy it,Smart Watch,60
8143,5,good but only 20 watchfaces,Smart Watch,27
8144,5,It's not showing notification properly some time it showing or some time it's not and dial are limited so company need to upgrade their software,Smart Watch,144
8145,1,Very good product nice,Smart Watch,22
8146,1,Nyc product,Smart Watch,11
8147,5,All ok... But reduced 1 star because blood pressure monitoring is not perfect and O2 level also. I calliberated with actual measuring devices.,Smart Watch,142
8148,5,Good Product 👍👍 Go for it,Smart Watch,25
8149,1,"Everything is good, unless activity tracking.",Smart Watch,45
8150,3,Nice product but plz don't buy red colour,Smart Watch,41
8151,3,Nice colour. Good product.,Smart Watch,26
8152,4,Good one very nice,Smart Watch,18
8153,5,"Features are quite awesome at this price range. Got it below 2k, so itz value for money. Battery backup is very gud. Body built is gud. Quite happy wid my purchase. Delivery was also very fast...even in this pandemic situation.",Smart Watch,227
8154,4,Nyc product,Smart Watch,11
8155,4,Nothing is working only its showing time waste of money,Smart Watch,55
8156,4,Its realy a good product,Smart Watch,24
8157,4,Working not properly don't buy this item,Smart Watch,40
8158,5,"Pro's * Battery backup is good more than 10 days charge remain * Just like other fitness watch monitoring the health * Sensors is good * Look and feel good  Con's * Bluetooth frequently disconnected, when phone is in pocket connection automatically disconnected. * App get hang sometimes * Walking count shows incorrect",Smart Watch,319
8159,4,Great one,Smart Watch,9
8160,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
8161,4,Nice product I love it,Smart Watch,22
8162,1,Very excellent product fast working but bluetooth version is bad,Smart Watch,64
8163,4,"Very nice products battery life is 👍very very very good thanks to flipkart for this watch 1, ❤️heart rate 2, Blood pressure 3, bloodborne oxygen 4, 😴 monitor 5, ⛹️ mood 6, 💆 mood 7, 🎶 controler 8, find my mobile 9, ⌛timer 10, ⏰ Alarm 11, DND mood 12, Settings 13, WhatsApp, Instagram, Facebook , massage, all notification & all sensors is available.... Thank u so much filipkart",Smart Watch,378
8164,1,"1) Sync Fails frequently. Restart device at 87%. 2) With custom image no proper time dial, so it bad idea, usage of custom wall in that manner. 3) Dial have only 24Hr format only. 4) SPo2 show only percentage not showing readings / Blood Pressure not working properly wast difference while check with doctor. 5) Watch material is cheapest, don't meet expectations to have rich look, feel of kids watch. 6) Sync problem always says sync fail and restart when do manually. 7) Battery life is ok wit...",Smart Watch,499
8165,3,Very good watch nice performance nice battery backup I ordered it tomorrow it was 97% and in the morning its 95%only,Smart Watch,116
8166,5,"Lovely Watch, Not Much Watch Faces But they Said Update Will Come. Battery, SpO², Heart Rate All Working Properly, Good Strap Material.",Smart Watch,135
8167,3,Nice watch ..I love this,Smart Watch,24
8168,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
8169,5,It's awsome 😋❣️,Smart Watch,15
8170,5,"Nice product,",Smart Watch,13
8171,1,Great deal in low price,Smart Watch,23
8172,5,Looks good,Smart Watch,10
8173,5,Best smart watch on this range..I got mine on 2k,Smart Watch,48
8174,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
8175,5,I using it from last 14 days... Battery is superb... Active heart rate monitor is very useful in daily lifestyle. Spo2 work very well and i doubt on BP sensor bit its ok,Smart Watch,169
8176,5,When you lost this watch and found back with any other person then you cannot able to prove its your. On flipkart invoice different Id is there which not match with watch MAC ID.,Smart Watch,178
8177,5,Good quality ☺️ good battery life 🙂 Good product 👍 Good performance 🙂,Smart Watch,69
8178,5,After using 3 months i m writing this review Cons:  It is a good product by Boat. Some big issues are also there. My watch going restart again and again when i open their App. Because when it start to synchronize the watch is switching off and then on automatically. I think it is the main issue that must be solve. Another issue is i noticed that whenever this watch arriving in sale after that boat is giving you new clock styles which is still low in amount so why boat not giving or updating ...,Smart Watch,499
8179,4,Worst product it doesn't show call notifications. I order and then exchange it for the same issue but still it's not fixed it. Now I'm returning it. Don't buy,Smart Watch,158
8180,4,Very good product i like,Smart Watch,24
8181,5,Very bad the bp or heard rate n oxygen level never showed even once to the actual real reading,Smart Watch,94
8182,4,Best products,Smart Watch,13
8183,1,Attractive look,Smart Watch,15
8184,4,Worth for money.,Smart Watch,16
8185,4,Very superrrrrrrr,Smart Watch,17
8186,1,"First of all thanks to BoAt for Quality....but for packing single star I'm using from one week battery still 45% pedometer is absolutely fine. Other things like heart rate, BP, saturation accuracy we can't expected.its clearly mentioned in user manual that not for medical purposes..Guided breathing is added advantage, Timers, Alarms etc fine. Ok buy product",Smart Watch,359
8187,5,It’s beautiful ❤️,Smart Watch,17
8188,1,Cheap and Best,Smart Watch,14
8189,5,"The blood pressure monitor does not work properly. many times it shows, 119/74 for many people. there is software bug in the watch. The boat company has to correct it. it is better to go for other products.",Smart Watch,206
8190,5,Nice watch 😊,Smart Watch,12
8191,5,nice product for this price. Good battery life .,Smart Watch,48
8192,5,"It is an awaome watch With all health facilities too, Gave 5 star for all his features, really good",Smart Watch,99
8193,5,verry good very nice,Smart Watch,20
8194,3,"It is different to see in real and different to see on image so you must buy this product, this is excellent.....",Smart Watch,113
8195,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
8196,1,After software update watch was not sync with mobile,Smart Watch,52
8197,5,Awesome look and best product in lower price,Smart Watch,44
8198,5,Good Product I am Happy..😍☺️,Smart Watch,28
8199,5,Screen size is too small and highly scratch prone,Smart Watch,49
8200,4,Good Product but walking steps and distance sensor does not properly.,Smart Watch,69
8201,5,It's ok but not accurate data . And connecting device suffering also,Smart Watch,68
8202,4,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
8203,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8204,5,Amazing 👍,Smart Watch,9
8205,4,A pretty product😊,Smart Watch,17
8206,1,Nice product.,Smart Watch,13
8207,5,Bright red colour as expected.... Worth buying it.... In love with this watch,Smart Watch,77
8208,3,Nice 😊👍,Smart Watch,7
8209,4,Nice strap removal designed Watch ok,Smart Watch,36
8210,4,Watch not got as per given pic,Smart Watch,30
8211,5,"This watch has some handy features like SPO2,Bloop pressure monitoring (don't sure about accuracy).SPO 2 reading is sometimes fluctuating.Looks are good and display is average. Call and message notification are useful.",Smart Watch,218
8212,5,Very comfortable and very stylish .I m loving it 💞🎉🎊,Smart Watch,52
8213,5,"Review after 10 days of use 🤗🤗🤗 Battery backup is good less than 5 days 😍 there are some scratches on my watch, then I can not say that it is Scratch proof 😱 Heart rate sensor is good working 🔥😍 Water proof i haven't tried yet🤐 Display is good🤟 Calls and MSG notifications sometimes don't work🥺 Lift wrist screen sense is good working 👍",Smart Watch,336
8214,5,Nice watch Battery life was good Modes are awesome Display is also well.. Nice looking But the only problem is the activity tracking( accuracy is low.. The BP and and heart rate is not accurate..) Overall its a nice product,Smart Watch,223
8215,4,Very poor in connection with our phone,Smart Watch,38
8216,5,It's amazing 😍 💯💖,Smart Watch,17
8217,1,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
8218,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
8219,5,Waste of money don't waste money and time this storm not working properly just 5 fit u go not connected this is the wast products,Smart Watch,129
8220,4,Good in 2000 price,Smart Watch,18
8221,4,Nice product but sometimes it shows wrong blood pressure.,Smart Watch,57
8222,1,u can't set vibration pattern for any call or msg,Smart Watch,49
8223,5,Amazing product nice features good touch response and display. Just a little small display,Smart Watch,90
8224,5,Overall Great deal,Smart Watch,18
8225,5,Amazing product in this price.... Happy with it 😊,Smart Watch,49
8226,1,"Nice smartwatch. All functions heart rate, blood oxygen level, blood pressure working fine. Relax function very useful. Apart from that pedometer to count steps, sleep activity, 8 sports activity provided. Talking of watch faces, as of now there are 35 cloud watchfaces provided. Hope more will be added.",Smart Watch,304
8227,4,This boat is having only limited watch faces in that only 2-3 are good Nose watch is having more watch faces Wallpaper watch face is not having option of changing clock place or size Need to give more dark watch face The watch didn't look good when you see it in sun light not. Brightness Screen size can be seen Only two colour straps,Smart Watch,335
8228,4,"Not satisfied as much as expected Third class product, battery life was no.longer remain. The screen is very small useless product cheap quality watch cheap quality silicon strap.Not much comfortable in wrist",Smart Watch,208
8229,4,Only problem is restart every time you sync with boat gear application. Please resolve it.  Otherwise best smart watch in this price range.,Smart Watch,139
8230,4,Good work,Smart Watch,9
8231,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8232,5,Great watch display is good and activity tracking is also better,Smart Watch,64
8233,5,Extremely dissatisfied with the product. The device is not working properly. Hanging out frequently after using 15 days. Don't know what to do with the device. I'm not expected this from the boAt & flipkart.,Smart Watch,207
8234,3,Value for money product.. Alwys love to wear it,Smart Watch,47
8235,1,Was oky not that satisfactory because after some days battery becomes dry very fast and display was not that good,Smart Watch,113
8236,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
8237,5,Not getting proper notification and call,Smart Watch,40
8238,4,After one day from order received it cost reduced by 500 rupees,Smart Watch,63
8239,5,Toooo bad I dont like,Smart Watch,21
8240,1,5 star for its performance and its premium look,Smart Watch,47
8241,5,Must buy product🤙🔥,Smart Watch,18
8242,3,Waste of money. Except time rest of the features don't work properly. When connected to app watch and app synchronisation continues in loop. BP readings are totally wrong. There is an option to calibrate BP monitor but it doesn't work as app and watch keep on synchronising. Steps are reduced while the watch synchronises with app.,Smart Watch,331
8243,5,Superb👌,Smart Watch,7
8244,1,Quick delivery by fkart. Working so well accurate results and call notifications are good,Smart Watch,89
8245,5,"As expected Budget smartwatch Battery will drain in 4-5 if heavily used HRM,spo²,Bld pressure (only for reference) Every other feature is awesome Premium look Boat pro gear application need lot of modification",Smart Watch,209
8246,1,Superb product by boat,Smart Watch,22
8247,5,"It's Good, But Call receive option is not available.",Smart Watch,52
8248,5,ITS NOT WORING PROPERLY ITS NOT GOOD,Smart Watch,36
8249,1,It's not getting syncd with my device.. every time I try to sync the device switchs off automatically,Smart Watch,101
8250,5,"Please don't buy !!!!! After using second day it was stopped notification (what app and mail) i tried with all options but it was not working,",Smart Watch,142
8251,5,"Super watch, happy deepawali, I'm so happy",Smart Watch,42
8252,4,Love it 😍😍🤩🤩,Smart Watch,12
8253,5,Don't buy this product it's not value for money,Smart Watch,47
8254,5,Nice ❤️,Smart Watch,7
8255,1,The watch is best ...i bought it for 1600 in big billion days...overall the watch is good the main problem is it has some connectivity issue means sometimes this watch automatically got disconnected with the phone and i have to reconnect it with the phone  Otherwise i love this watch♥️,Smart Watch,286
8256,1,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
8257,1,Watch is ok but I m not happy with flipkart return policy.,Smart Watch,58
8258,4,False data provided by Blood Pressure monitoring app. Don’t buy guy’s it’s totally waste of money,Smart Watch,97
8259,5,Worst services of flipkart And this watch is total waste of money And once I ordered it but now when I want to return they are not letting me do that Worst app👎👎👎👎,Smart Watch,163
8260,1,"Bluetooth connectivity issue with devise , always ask for pairing",Smart Watch,65
8261,5,Boat smartwatch are looking good but boat progear app are not properly work.,Smart Watch,76
8262,3,"Worst experience faced in boat watches,please dont purchase this watch highly disappointed 2999 wasted",Smart Watch,102
8263,4,Battery backup not good . it's stay only 3 day. This results come in a month .bad product,Smart Watch,89
8264,1,Its giving very pathetic product and not working anymore showing charging while on hand without any charging cables,Smart Watch,115
8265,1,I got the product on 10th august and started using it. As per its claims to be water proof I did not open it while washing my hands and bathing and since 3 days its stopped working. The device after being fully charged comes to 0 within seconds and shuts down. I dont even know if a waranty was given or not. Any way may be the price makes a difference in quality of the product. Absolutly regret buying this item.,Smart Watch,414
8266,1,It totally stopped working . Charger don't work. Waste of my money .,Smart Watch,68
8267,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
8268,1,After 20 days of buying it switched off automatically and now it is waste,Smart Watch,73
8269,1,After 1 month charging not working. Problem with watch not the charger,Smart Watch,70
8270,1,Worth for money I love it,Smart Watch,25
8271,1,"One Word Review - USELESS Cons - --- Watch-App Integration is pathetic and so is the app. --- Calls, msgs and Notifications don't show up when connected with all permissions allowed. --- Display feels like the one used on phones in 2005 --- Raise Gesture takes long time to show time --- Steps increase even when you're in a car or any transport , so forget abt tracking your daily activities  Pros - --- Sensors are accurate ( accept the one that counts steps) --- Size good for people with...",Smart Watch,494
8272,1,"Worst smartwatch . I have purchased two smart watches on the same day .One stopped working after 25 days , another stopped working after 40 days . waste of money.",Smart Watch,162
8273,1,Absolutely pathetic watch. No data is shown accurately. It is just a waste of your money. The worst is the ProGear app that you would have to connect with the watch. Mark my word; never ever go for this watch. You will end up wasting your money like me too.,Smart Watch,257
8274,5,It's doesn't work showing the data which is heart bete and oxigen levels and blood pressure... It's not showing the data of our body... Waste,Smart Watch,141
8275,1,Not satisfied,Smart Watch,13
8276,1,Hanging the watch,Smart Watch,17
8277,5,Very bad item I used in 3 days battery is very poor and display light is my god not explained,Smart Watch,93
8278,1,"Bluetooth not pairing properly, disconnecting every time",Smart Watch,56
8279,1,It's very bad product ..I have used only 10 days and it's not working also,Smart Watch,74
8280,1,Tracking is not at all good. Not even 10% results are correct,Smart Watch,61
8281,1,Super,Smart Watch,5
8282,1,Product was same as shown in the picture. Go for it.,Smart Watch,52
8283,1,Product was good but feature shown in details but some features is not working properly,Smart Watch,87
8284,1,Super smart watch,Smart Watch,17
8285,1,Very poor connectivity.... Battery back-up is also poor... Dont waste money..just to know the time....,Smart Watch,102
8286,1,Easy features Good look,Smart Watch,23
8287,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8288,5,Very Bad Product,Smart Watch,16
8289,5,Worst smart watch. Activity tracker and bluetooth connection sucks. Gets disconnected by every now and then. Regarding this buy.,Smart Watch,128
8290,1,this smartwatch is so nice,Smart Watch,26
8291,5,I am writing this review after using it for 1 month.. Best watch for regular day to day use.. For offers i got it for Rs 1999/- which was great deal..,Smart Watch,150
8292,1,Does not show wastapp notification sometimes and it doesn't vibrat on phone calls.,Smart Watch,82
8293,5,Very bad product...frequently disrupted the Bluetooth connection.,Smart Watch,65
8294,4,"I'm giving review after use of 2 months. Watch is disconnected every day automatically. Worst product ever, don't buy this.",Smart Watch,123
8295,1,Waaah what great watch mind blowing and very attractive and full dhamaka,Smart Watch,72
8296,1,Nice products,Smart Watch,13
8297,5,Very poor quality,Smart Watch,17
8298,4,it always disconnect automatically.. better to buy mi fitband,Smart Watch,61
8299,1,"Good value for money. SPO2 also there. All calculations are doing perfect, I have compared with oximeter",Smart Watch,104
8300,1,After 100 percent charging Battery charge will not last for single day worst product,Smart Watch,84
8301,1,After 2 days restarting issue and no solution !!! Worst watch,Smart Watch,61
8302,5,It shows incorrect oxygen saturation.,Smart Watch,37
8303,5,Waste of money. Wrong measures spo2 & BP & heart rate. Only cheating to customers. After using of 15 days i am writing this review. I suggest not to purchase it.,Smart Watch,161
8304,1,Display is very small can make it bigger.... And ofcourse tracker will not show the correct values..,Smart Watch,100
8305,1,"I ordered this watch for my dad. I was using this since from march and I like it very much. Its design, screen and have a good battery. Its value for money. Recommended to buy.",Smart Watch,176
8306,4,Don't buy this item,Smart Watch,19
8307,1,It's have been 1and 1/2 months and the watch is stop working can't switching on the watch. Don't know this is the charger problem or the watch got damage. Very disappointed with boat.,Smart Watch,183
8308,1,Send defective product pleas don't buy this type of products with flipkart because flipkart create manipulation,Smart Watch,111
8309,1,"No customer support. Watch reboots automatically multiple times a day as soon as you try to sync data with mobile app and all your days activity gets cleared and reset to ZERO. Don't waste your money on this, spend some more and get some other good quality product.",Smart Watch,265
8310,1,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
8311,1,Call notification system is very poor. It doesn't support even 5 meter distance. BP measurements are not working. It takes a lot of time and then gets declined.,Smart Watch,160
8312,5,When you set wallpaper face Time settings automatically change in 24 hours format no 12 hours format available and claud face are not good,Smart Watch,138
8313,1,Strap is very loosely bind.... Connectivity is not proper as mentioned in features normal calls are not getting alerted by watch what's app n other media connetivity is OK OK..... ☹️,Smart Watch,182
8314,1,Purchased 2 Months ago and from last 1 month it is in the service center,Smart Watch,72
8315,1,"Very very bad quality, I can't use it, activities is very poor and its lost anytime, I am going to return it, And suggest you don't buy it. I reviewed after used 7 day .",Smart Watch,169
8316,1,Looking so beautiful & battery backup is so good I love this watch ⌚ 🥰🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,73
8317,5,"Bilkul useless, screen looks like cheap quality.",Smart Watch,48
8318,1,for this price range this watch is excellent *better battery performance 😀 *good display 😀 *but connection is ver bad 🤨 *and the app is very bad😖,Smart Watch,145
8319,1,Frequently getting disconnected from phone... No notification even it's connected to phone.,Smart Watch,91
8320,2,Good product m satisfied with it....,Smart Watch,36
8321,2,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
8322,1,Low quality,Smart Watch,11
8323,5,I loved it... ❤😍🥰,Smart Watch,17
8324,1,Product good but blutooth canact and disconnected every time just long distance to mobile phone and app so good.,Smart Watch,112
8325,5,Nice quality and fitting Good looking,Smart Watch,37
8326,1,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
8327,4,Bat product,Smart Watch,11
8328,1,Okay,Smart Watch,4
8329,1,Wrost watch ever... Didn't buy this watch... It has no any additional features.. only activity tracker available.,Smart Watch,113
8330,5,Nice products but I am not happy with battery backup,Smart Watch,52
8331,4,Bluetooth gets disconnected automatically. Takes too much time to reconnect. Watch screen lags. Lacks in features. I recommend not to buy this.,Smart Watch,143
8332,5,Nice product with good features,Smart Watch,31
8333,4,Avoid the watch,Smart Watch,15
8334,1,I love it,Smart Watch,9
8335,1,10days battery. 98% accurate information,Smart Watch,40
8336,1,Product has reboot issue with everytime synchronise,Smart Watch,51
8337,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8338,1,"Good for this price range , wake screen on moment is bit slow",Smart Watch,61
8339,5,Everything is working fine because I didn't update firmware. Bluetooth connection 5/5. Music control 5/5 works very well Call notification 4/5 Battery Backup 5/5 more than 5 days Phone finder 5/5 Alarm and stopwatch 4/5 Watch faces few 1/5 Activity Tracking 4/5 Wrist wake sensor lags 2/5 Display timing 2/5 Display turn off within seconds so difficult to wait for readings. You need to touch screen to prevent display off otherwise need to restart readings again. Build quality and design 3/5 i ...,Smart Watch,499
8340,1,Getting issue in right button,Smart Watch,29
8341,5,"Issue with the notifications. You won't get notifications and that is not issue with the piece i got, it is the issue with boat connectivity. Please don't waste your time on this. Instead, go for MI band 4",Smart Watch,205
8342,4,Bad impression call function not praporly work,Smart Watch,46
8343,1,Cool awesome v nice,Smart Watch,19
8344,3,Product worth for 2K. Not more than that. Inner dial size is smaller. Will give detailed review after few days of use.,Smart Watch,118
8345,3,Very bad connectivity. I went for walk in the morning and completed 7k steps in morning wald. Once I reached home I synchronised with mobile and after synchronisation it shows 470 steps. If I have to calculate steps manually or I have to carry my mobile all the time then what is the benefit of spending money on watch. Very bad app and poor connectivity.,Smart Watch,355
8346,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
8347,1,Amazing👍😍🤩,Smart Watch,10
8348,1,Nice looks and working properly,Smart Watch,31
8349,5,Best One.. Worth Buying... Excellent performance,Smart Watch,48
8350,5,Very nice. Delivered on time.,Smart Watch,29
8351,3,very nice watch 😍,Smart Watch,17
8352,1,It's gud for value for money,Smart Watch,28
8353,3,Great...fulfilled my expectations,Smart Watch,33
8354,5,Best smart watch,Smart Watch,16
8355,5,4 days usage. Display ok Feature good Build quality excellent Battery nice Overall good product  Go for it..,Smart Watch,108
8356,5,"Its nice, comfortable and more than expected. Nice smart watch..",Smart Watch,64
8357,5,Just awesome 😍,Smart Watch,14
8358,3,Value for money............ Nice product 😊,Smart Watch,42
8359,5,Superb watch looking wise ...but activity tracker is very bad ...not accuracy.... Nothing very disappointed😔,Smart Watch,108
8360,5,"Very usefull product it is,it's working nicely inside the water , working well no problem, it is a classy product",Smart Watch,113
8361,5,Looking nice and metal quality is good...,Smart Watch,41
8362,5,Give 5 star rating Look good Work good.,Smart Watch,39
8363,5,"Don't buy, poor quality product",Smart Watch,31
8364,5,Good Quality Watch,Smart Watch,18
8365,5,Too much good,Smart Watch,13
8366,3,I recieved the watch and i did not like the quality of the watch and when i try to return it they say they cant return it. Buy only if u want to keep this watch even if you dont like aby aspect of this watch. Careful!!,Smart Watch,218
8367,5,Amazing watch .Guys go for it .wrost of money.,Smart Watch,46
8368,5,Nice product at this price... Loved it.,Smart Watch,39
8369,4,touchscreen not working after using 1 month.,Smart Watch,44
8370,1,Not Good Not Bad,Smart Watch,16
8371,5,I liked very muchh,Smart Watch,18
8372,5,Getting to much time for synchronisation pathetic watch price is also so high as per system specification,Smart Watch,105
8373,1,Aswm watch,Smart Watch,10
8374,5,Good watch in less price,Smart Watch,24
8375,5,Very bad product Cheated by flipkart Very very worst my money waste Gonna uninstall flipkart,Smart Watch,92
8376,1,best watch under 2k.,Smart Watch,20
8377,1,Good watch but screen could be bigger,Smart Watch,37
8378,5,Do not buy untill app is updated bcoz app is not working properly and it causes disconnecting of watch every 5 minutes worst watch with this app,Smart Watch,144
8379,1,I have ordered for a black watch and I am given with a blue one. Otherwise the product is good. Budget friendly smartwatch. Purchased this for Rs.1999.  The values given after monitoring blood pressure shows a variation around +/- 10mmHg.  The design and the overall look is good.,Smart Watch,280
8380,5,Nice😍,Smart Watch,5
8381,4,Valuable for money. Everything is jst aswm in this price ..I got it 2000 rupees only,Smart Watch,84
8382,1,Nice watch ⌚ Value for money Good battery life,Smart Watch,46
8383,5,Good but i expect more advanced features soo this is fit watch not a smart watch,Smart Watch,80
8384,4,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
8385,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
8386,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8387,4,Awesome 👌🏻👌🏻 Thanks to Flipkart,Smart Watch,31
8388,5,Price drop after purchasing very bad i bought in 2999 and now after buy price shows 1999,Smart Watch,88
8389,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
8390,4,Wow.,Smart Watch,4
8391,5,It's a good product,Smart Watch,19
8392,5,According to the price.....nice product Battery display is working good☺️☺️ but features is okok,Smart Watch,96
8393,4,Touch problem on display,Smart Watch,24
8394,5,Don't buy this watch. It's like a kids watch. Watchfaces are very worst and design is very worst. Customise watchface is also non sense. U can see only time in custom watchface. This watch is simply the waste of money.  Step count will show 60 steps without u move. Heart rate is based on algorithm. Blood oxygen and blood pressure is showing random values. Simply it's a cheat not a smartwatch.  Don't buy and cry. I believed boat but disappointed alot. Hope u all understand why the price is r...,Smart Watch,498
8395,4,Not working,Smart Watch,11
8396,5,"The only issue is, sync with app. When I try to sync after my activity, it’s erase data from my watch which I can not retrieve again. To be more clear, I have started walking activity and complete around 1hr with 5km around. Post the activity I tried to sync my app with watch and the entire activity got erased in my watch and it’s not update seen in my app (boat ProGear)also. Happening every time when I try to sync. My advice to go with some local smart watch than this boAt",Smart Watch,478
8397,3,Nice one 👌.।। Thanks❤,Smart Watch,21
8398,4,Touch is smooth Accuracy is Good Looks Good Battery backup superb,Smart Watch,65
8399,5,Worst watch don't buying this,Smart Watch,29
8400,2,"Call receive options not available Vibration too much. After buying this product and suppose you are not setisfy, then return options not available in this product. So i am totally not setisfy for this product.",Smart Watch,210
8401,1,One thing I realised...Smart watch is just a marketing sell... actually we no need that...if u don't want to charge it every week then go for normal good looking analogue watches for this price.. otherwise This product look like premium.,Smart Watch,237
8402,1,Best Watch Good Look Very Long Life Battery.Good Product,Smart Watch,56
8403,1,Super  Very nice  Quality good,Smart Watch,30
8404,4,Display quality is very bad Provide more watch face,Smart Watch,51
8405,5,What a outstanding smart watch under 2000 thanks to bolt.,Smart Watch,57
8406,1,Worked only for 2 days.. After update it is not working,Smart Watch,55
8407,1,❤️Value for Money.....Smart watch @ price of Smart band. What else you need.,Smart Watch,76
8408,3,Awesome watch,Smart Watch,13
8409,5,Nice light weight and comfortable,Smart Watch,33
8410,5,Tatai prodact he,Smart Watch,16
8411,3,Beautiful watch must buy,Smart Watch,24
8412,5,In this price segment it's worth to buy.,Smart Watch,40
8413,1,Overall good. But BP monitor for which I bought it is totally unreliable and inaccurate!,Smart Watch,88
8414,5,Absolutely mind blowing. keeping watch inside pant's pocket had been washed inside washing machine by mistaken. But found my watch absolutely fine after wash not even a scratch mark. Just awesome product❤🎉. Thank u,Smart Watch,214
8415,5,It's good and battery backup is so nice it makes ten days and function also good thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,96
8416,5,Don't waste your Money this is very bad product please don't buy this product,Smart Watch,77
8417,5,Good watch. Battery life could have been better.,Smart Watch,48
8418,4,"Batter issue after 2 months of usage . After charging to 100 % , batter getting discharged immediately within minutes.",Smart Watch,118
8419,4,Itz vry vry bad product plz guys dnt Take this wach I rqst u,Smart Watch,60
8420,4,Automatically disconnected from phone after 5 minutes.. Dont buy,Smart Watch,64
8421,5,don't buy,Smart Watch,9
8422,5,Osm quality But flipkart delevery is very bad The product has not been delivered to the address which was filled at the time of ordering. And very badly behaved by the delivery man.,Smart Watch,181
8423,1,Every time disconnect You can't get any notification Plz don't buy this,Smart Watch,71
8424,5,Watch is good price wise however I am disappointed with the watch faces they are childish and lack in options.,Smart Watch,110
8425,1,"Iam using latest Android phone,but I did not set any custom wallpaper on my watch  Firmware version 10 ~Custom wallpaper Not Working  Very few Watch faces only available  Please improve Pro gear app",Smart Watch,198
8426,1,"Very impressive, only one thing could be improved to answer phone call.",Smart Watch,71
8427,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
8428,1,Nice watch but I want screen guard,Smart Watch,34
8429,1,Nyc watch,Smart Watch,9
8430,2,Nice watch to have,Smart Watch,18
8431,3,Need to improve display quality,Smart Watch,31
8432,3,Within 1weak the watch stop working,Smart Watch,35
8433,5,Battery back up is amazing....i charged it 14 days back and now battery percentage is showing 14 percentage....let's talk about bluetooth connectivity sometimes it's irritating it got disconnected automatically.... Find my phone feature is useless if you are having your mobile within your arms reach it is working otherwise do not work....,Smart Watch,340
8434,5,I bought this smart watch for 2000 Rupees. Worth and more usable,Smart Watch,64
8435,5,"Good watch but but in sale only, otherwise try other options",Smart Watch,60
8436,4,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
8437,5,Not satisfied wid this product,Smart Watch,30
8438,5,Not working for watch and mobil call features,Smart Watch,45
8439,1,Gd product,Smart Watch,10
8440,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
8441,4,Awesome product 👌😎👏,Smart Watch,19
8442,4,"Brilliant product. Lovely watch. Biometrics are more or less accurate.. with little standard deviation.  Best part I felt is that you can change wallpaper on your will, even with pics from your gallary.. Size is accurate. So light that It doesn't feel on hand. Loved it.",Smart Watch,270
8443,1,All over good,Smart Watch,13
8444,1,Low budget quality product,Smart Watch,26
8445,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
8446,4,Wrost watch,Smart Watch,11
8447,5,Battery damage product,Smart Watch,22
8448,5,Battery damage,Smart Watch,14
8449,4,"Bought before 2 weeks, worked fine for 2 days now its not working, very bad quality",Smart Watch,83
8450,4,30% time it's not tracking properly,Smart Watch,35
8451,5,"This watch is value for money, I got for 1899.  Please add more Dial, existing dial are not upto the mark  Please update your boat progear app, it will not stand anywhere compare to other smartwatch app.",Smart Watch,203
8452,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8453,1,This watch is amazing 😍,Smart Watch,23
8454,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8455,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8456,1,Good product,Smart Watch,12
8457,4,Best Watch for Rupes 2k,Smart Watch,23
8458,4,This watch is not show real blood pressure,Smart Watch,42
8459,4,Bad prdt After one month watch not working No return polici Very bad exprience Not expected,Smart Watch,91
8460,2,Best watch in the india,Smart Watch,23
8461,4,Looking awesome,Smart Watch,15
8462,5,I'm very disappointed in this purchase this watch price now 2199 I'll buy for 2999 .......,Smart Watch,90
8463,5,thank you for flipkart,Smart Watch,22
8464,4,Nice.,Smart Watch,5
8465,5,Normal,Smart Watch,6
8466,1,BP reading shows wrong.,Smart Watch,23
8467,5,value for money,Smart Watch,15
8468,4,Thanks,Smart Watch,6
8469,2,"Nice watch but display clarity is worst... MRP of 5,999/- ....comparing to amount not much reached the level.... But stylish",Smart Watch,124
8470,5,An very good product,Smart Watch,20
8471,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
8472,3,Delivery boy so good and delivery is fast .thank u Flipkart.,Smart Watch,60
8473,3,Osm look,Smart Watch,8
8474,4,"Super product...looks like apple..specs is ultimately good, But display is too short..",Smart Watch,86
8475,5,Awesome product value of money. Best product within 2k,Smart Watch,54
8476,4,Product is Good Battery backup class Extra function no,Smart Watch,54
8477,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
8478,5,Good 🌻,Smart Watch,6
8479,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
8480,5,Just wow it's value for money just go for it ..,Smart Watch,47
8481,4,Nyc,Smart Watch,3
8482,5,5 star because I just loved it value for money 🥰😍,Smart Watch,49
8483,5,excellent,Smart Watch,9
8484,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
8485,5,it is good quality product,Smart Watch,26
8486,4,It's really worth and looking awesome product....,Smart Watch,49
8487,5,Simply good,Smart Watch,11
8488,4,Super extent,Smart Watch,12
8489,5,Nice watch 👍,Smart Watch,12
8490,5,Mm gud choice 4star rate,Smart Watch,24
8491,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
8492,5,Nice but screen size is small..,Smart Watch,31
8493,5,Nice products 👍👍,Smart Watch,16
8494,4,Watch was very nice..,Smart Watch,21
8495,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
8496,5,good 🙂,Smart Watch,6
8497,4,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
8498,5,"Nice watch, weight is too much less compare to others",Smart Watch,53
8499,4,Oxigen monitor & BP reading is not correct. Activity tracker is also useless. Only look of this model is decent.  Paid 3000 for smart watch and open market rate is 2500/- would not suggest to go for this,Smart Watch,203
8500,4,I have purchased in just @1799/-. Really its awesome,Smart Watch,52
8501,4,Awesome design and product in bought in 2400rs love you Flipkart,Smart Watch,64
8502,5,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
8503,5,Nice I purchased this 1999.00 ... thanks,Smart Watch,40
8504,5,Nice boat,Smart Watch,9
8505,4,"It's awsm I'm very happy. colour screen battery everything is too awsm.....😍😍 Thank you so much,🥰🥰",Smart Watch,98
8506,2,Good products,Smart Watch,13
8507,5,showing different readings in each time. not at all working fine,Smart Watch,64
8508,5,looking good battery backup is good .... built qualiy ...👌 but it have small screen not full.... value of money .... must buy...if you have low budget to afford ......,Smart Watch,167
8509,4,"It is always disconnecting from my phone, i have keeping on bluetooth while day and stopped app from battery optimization but although not working. Keeps disconnecting",Smart Watch,167
8510,5,Very cheap material.... Please don't buy and waste your money,Smart Watch,61
8511,3,Very bad product. Find my phn didn’t wrk. Only vibration no ringtone during use fine my phn features.,Smart Watch,101
8512,5,Very worst,Smart Watch,10
8513,5,Waste of money 💵,Smart Watch,16
8514,1,Don't buy products in flipcart very bad,Smart Watch,39
8515,3,Wast of money.,Smart Watch,14
8516,1,Get the Mi Fit Band instead. The reading accuracy is pathetic in this one.,Smart Watch,74
8517,1,Watch Is slow to operate Motion sensing is slow... No O2 sensor in it no bp monitor.watch faces are not properly deaigned..,Smart Watch,123
8518,1,Not worth it.,Smart Watch,13
8519,1,"Couldn't connect whatsap notification, nor call notification... Tried everything.",Smart Watch,81
8520,1,"After one month Bluetooth is not working, bad product",Smart Watch,53
8521,1,The actual display in smaller than shown in the images.,Smart Watch,55
8522,2,Good enough for the price 1999. Dont buy if the price is more than 1999,Smart Watch,71
8523,1,"Good product, but cost is higher than functions",Smart Watch,47
8524,2,Got it for 1999 and current price is 2999 OMG,Smart Watch,45
8525,2,Nice watch must watch,Smart Watch,21
8526,1,"The sensors are not that accurate but this model has all the facility like spo2, Blood pressure monitoring etc. The cost was 1999 when I bought, now it is little costly.",Smart Watch,169
8527,2,"If you are looking it for BP monitoring, dont buy it , readings are wrong. Otherwise very good",Smart Watch,94
8528,2,The blood pressure and spo2 function dosent work properly. If u r buying mainly for those i would recommend to buy another watch,Smart Watch,128
8529,4,Lovely watch.... Value for money,Smart Watch,32
8530,5,Worth it,Smart Watch,8
8531,5,Sensors not really giving real figures. Step counter counts about 100 even if u walk upstairs 20 steps. These require to be fixed. Rest the battery and design is awesome. Can buy for relative figures but not actual.,Smart Watch,215
8532,4,Worth to buy in this budget... battery is good.. but screen size is not satisfied.. Otherwise good watch,Smart Watch,104
8533,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
8534,4,Osm watch!! Thankyou flipcart 😇,Smart Watch,31
8535,4,Blood pressure and blood oxygen is not accurate.,Smart Watch,48
8536,5,"If you want a smart watch just for the sake of it, go for it. Not satisfied at all with it features. Activity tracker is totally a waste it doesn't give any indication it is not even remotely correct. Display and touch is also not great.",Smart Watch,237
8537,5,Excellent battery backup in 16 days only 45% is battery drop. Awesome design Overall very reliable and good product in this price range.,Smart Watch,136
8538,4,Super but. Display is so small,Smart Watch,30
8539,5,"Amazing product light weight easy operating, wondering battery backup",Smart Watch,69
8540,5,I got it in just 1999 and i thought this is a value for money product,Smart Watch,69
8541,5,Blood pressure reading not perfect anytime. Battery backup awesome.. Display not better .. Step count ok.,Smart Watch,105
8542,2,Spo2 and bp reading not accurate,Smart Watch,32
8543,2,It's good and value for money,Smart Watch,29
8544,5,Value for money Worthy product and it is likely amazing product,Smart Watch,63
8545,5,Value for money product in this aggressive price,Smart Watch,48
8546,4,At this price it's really worth buying a smartwatch atleast better than fitness bands,Smart Watch,85
8547,5,It's nice product,Smart Watch,17
8548,3,Average watch,Smart Watch,13
8549,3,It's too good,Smart Watch,13
8550,5,Amazing features with best quality,Smart Watch,34
8551,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
8552,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8553,4,I got it for 1979/-.. nice one,Smart Watch,30
8554,5,1. Display is average 2. Activity tracking is very poor. 3. Battery is ok. Advice: If u want to use smart watch in true sense then it not for u.,Smart Watch,144
8555,2,Display size is small,Smart Watch,21
8556,5,Good👍👍,Smart Watch,6
8557,5,This product i am buy only 1999 in this price best smart watch But screen is small,Smart Watch,82
8558,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
8559,5,Nice product. Use Indian product 👍👍,Smart Watch,35
8560,5,Nice product in 2000 rs.  Battery backup is average i had charge 100% and now at 4th day it is 36%. If you use it very much then it will drain quickly in 3 to 4 days. Although in normal usage it will run upto 8 days.  Display is very nice . Touch response is also nice  Disclaimer : if you have low budget of 2000 to 2500 then you should go for it is better than noise colourfit pro. And if you have 3000 to 4000 budget i suggest you amazefit bip U,Smart Watch,448
8561,3,Overall watch is good but screen size and boat progear app dissappointing.,Smart Watch,74
8562,4,i used it for more than a week and i found this watch is very normal with minimal features.. spo2 and blood pressure heart rate monitor they all not working properly,Smart Watch,165
8563,5,Thanks for best deal just purchased 1800rs and very very fast delivery,Smart Watch,70
8564,5,Go For It..Best budget watch with loaded features... Got it In only 3 days..... Thank you BoAt,Smart Watch,94
8565,4,Good quality...❤️😘,Smart Watch,18
8566,4,I got it for 1999.. the features are cool..it has a issue regarding app synchronisation..I hope brand will rectify this soon,Smart Watch,124
8567,5,Its good but vibration not continues its good j can go for ot in this price stylish watch,Smart Watch,89
8568,3,Good in this price.,Smart Watch,19
8569,2,Every thing good bt connecting problem is very poor Every tym disconnecting so i return this watch after 24 use,Smart Watch,111
8570,5,"Only 5 watch faces can be stored in the watch. App is also not user friendly ,we have to download watch faces from the cloud storage each time inorder to change the watch face regularly and only less number of watchfaces as compared to other watches. Pros Light weight Good design. Value for money (Rs 1999) Cons Not able to know whether watch is connected to app or not. In External wallpaper time and date are blurred. App and watch faces should be improved.",Smart Watch,460
8571,5,Good enough Display should be big & more features should be add,Smart Watch,63
8572,4,Good.,Smart Watch,5
8573,4,Spo2 not proper work Other sensor ok,Smart Watch,36
8574,4,Don't expect it better go for Amazefit. This display quality looks worst ever,Smart Watch,77
8575,4,"Review it after useing a week.. The battery life is outstanding.the music control, notification service is good but not satisfied with the activity tracking it.If you want to buy it for activity tracking don't buy it otherwise it is Good..",Smart Watch,239
8576,1,Automatically getting disconnected,Smart Watch,34
8577,4,Good looking.. activity tracking is ok ok.. & Bp & oxygen checking is bad.. battery awsm.. worth,Smart Watch,96
8578,5,"I never thought of a smartwatch with so many features in this price segment, There are lots of reviews regarding this watch I don't know why people are complaning about the activity tracking, guys you people are getting more than enough. Human wants are unlimited but do satisfy yourself what you have.",Smart Watch,302
8579,4,I checked SPO2 by stopping blood circulation. I tied wrist with thread tightly. I checked spo2. Still it's showing 98-99%. My father checked BP in it. showing No BP. My father stopped taking BP tablet. When my father checked with other BP machine it shows BP. Misleading products are dangerous. It is just a watch. Don't trust for any thing else.,Smart Watch,346
8580,1,Very bad smart watch in this price range not worthy,Smart Watch,51
8581,1,"Connectivity is very bad, call & notifications not showing after connected",Smart Watch,74
8582,4,Item not for ratting ... it's bad product ...and sencer not working properly... very very bad impression on boat,Smart Watch,112
8583,1,Gr8 product..it's worth of money,Smart Watch,32
8584,5,Don't purchase any one,Smart Watch,22
8585,5,Good quality but one problem ie only 3 Face Screen is available.,Smart Watch,64
8586,1,Incorrect reading..... wastage of money...I returned,Smart Watch,52
8587,1,No more furnitures,Smart Watch,18
8588,1,Worth,Smart Watch,5
8589,1,"It's not working well.all data give wrong,and diffrent.worst of money.",Smart Watch,70
8590,5,It's not working....,Smart Watch,20
8591,1,Everything Is Fine Accurate Tracking of every Activity; Available with Many Features; Best In it's Segment*; Good Design But....The Problem is -- It's Software - Well it's software is user-friendly but sometimes while syncing it's activity data with mobile it get crashed and auto restart the watch. The only solution I found till now is to reset the device :-( . Which sometimes annoys me a lot (This happens every 20 after reset) I hope boat solve this problem as soon as possible. Behave of t...,Smart Watch,498
8592,5,Good one.,Smart Watch,9
8593,1,Best one in the price range no doubt definitely go for it...😍😍,Smart Watch,62
8594,1,I love this product,Smart Watch,19
8595,5,It's just waste of money Invest some more money n go for noise watch I have to also check settings about connection impairment 2-3 time i raise complaints but they advice to do update na all Which is another useless stuff,Smart Watch,221
8596,1,nice,Smart Watch,4
8597,1,"Perfect for use as a normal watch, body made with metal with watch is not so heavy..",Smart Watch,84
8598,4,Very chief quality products,Smart Watch,27
8599,4,Not as good as I Expect But good to use,Smart Watch,39
8600,5,"I m so exciting this boat storm 😍😍🔥🔥 that is why the value money, battery backup awesome and look quality perfect....",Smart Watch,117
8601,4,Good watch but no more facilities,Smart Watch,33
8602,1,"Note:-Spo2, heart rate are for reference only. These are not adject measuring. Battery 210 mAh I felt like cheated.  Remember- My grandfather's SpO2 was 87( by pulse oximeter) But it showed random value - 88 to 99. 2 out of 50 readings was 88. 48 readings was FAKE.",Smart Watch,265
8603,5,it's waste watch..it doesn't showing WhatsApp app & message app in SNS system in mobile app so we can't get any message notifications on watch,Smart Watch,142
8604,5,"Not connect to device automatically. Bp, heart rate, sleep monitor, spo2 results are not. Bluetooth didn't connect to mobile.",Smart Watch,125
8605,5,Screen size is very small. Interface is not good. I didn't like it.,Smart Watch,67
8606,4,Total waste of money,Smart Watch,20
8607,5,"The watch is perfect but the issue is with their app. Everytime you reconnect with your app, the watch gets reset to 0. That is whatever activity you have done will go to 0. It will show as if you haven't done any activity all day. That is the only hectic thing other than that the watch is perfect it gives everything accurately. Go for it but I wont suggest their app.",Smart Watch,370
8608,1,Steps counts decrease when sync multiple times.,Smart Watch,47
8609,1,Bp monitor shows incorrect measurements... Glass got scratch Display not good,Smart Watch,77
8610,1,Worst watch please do not buy it,Smart Watch,32
8611,1,Worst product don't buy it the bluetooth keeps disconnecting,Smart Watch,60
8612,1,Bad concavity,Smart Watch,13
8613,1,Everything is ok ok according to price . But they need to work on strap as quality of strap is not that gd.,Smart Watch,107
8614,4,The product dosen't measure SPO2 and Blood pressure correctly which company claims its made for.,Smart Watch,96
8615,1,Overall a satisfactory product for someone special,Smart Watch,50
8616,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
8617,1,Overall nice,Smart Watch,12
8618,1,"Good product, this price rang, but dial is too small",Smart Watch,52
8619,1,Nice watch at low price. Liked it.,Smart Watch,34
8620,3,Spo2 and bp..it doesn't show accurately.and even the step calculation is not accurate.,Smart Watch,86
8621,1,Superb,Smart Watch,6
8622,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
8623,5,Smart watch,Smart Watch,11
8624,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
8625,5,Traking Problem,Smart Watch,15
8626,4,Good watch in this price,Smart Watch,24
8627,3,Smart arch to boat applications so many dunking issues there. Daily setting continue in. App uninstall & downloud. Heritating failure in boat applicatin,Smart Watch,152
8628,4,Good for that range,Smart Watch,19
8629,4,Poor quality,Smart Watch,12
8630,4,Good product but when I follow the process of registration for warranty their is no reply or not any proof given by boat company that my watch is registered. Plz solve this problem....,Smart Watch,184
8631,5,Very light Good looking,Smart Watch,23
8632,1,Poor Bluetooth Connectivity.,Smart Watch,28
8633,4,Auto disconnected after 10,Smart Watch,26
8634,2,Its not to be togood Its only good,Smart Watch,34
8635,3,The product was faulty and the watch had issues connecting with the device. the bluetooth of storm watch automatically used to get off and had to pair again and again with device. Already sent for replacement to claim warranty.,Smart Watch,227
8636,1,Build Quality don't look premium,Smart Watch,32
8637,4,Bad product . Automatically disconnected.,Smart Watch,41
8638,5,Not a good product do not buy it Very bad product,Smart Watch,49
8639,1,"So many busgs are there, automatically get disconnected and when try to synchronise with app get restart again and again. Faulty app with erratic results.",Smart Watch,154
8640,1,Experiencing a bad products from boat. After 3 call alerts watch isn't responding. App is bogus.,Smart Watch,96
8641,4,"I'm this watch is so much issues.they are 1st one is not working to the sensor and another one is not setting into the wallpaper and many more problems, And I don't want to waste my precious time good by boat and Flipkart.",Smart Watch,222
8642,1,Never buy,Smart Watch,9
8643,2,I have bought 2 same smart watch for gifting propose. Poor thing is one is working and other one display is not coming. And I was not able to return or replace the thing.,Smart Watch,170
8644,1,Don't waste ur money. Very Bad watch and poor connectivity app,Smart Watch,62
8645,1,Call and other options not working. It's a normal watch,Smart Watch,55
8646,1,Sensors are not functioning properly. It gives inactivity alert while I'm walking. Mi Band will be a better choice.,Smart Watch,115
8647,1,Blueetoth is not connecting,Smart Watch,27
8648,1,Waste to buy Nothing working and syncing Don't recommend this device,Smart Watch,68
8649,1,Worst product..got used one...and didn't get charger also... totally unsatisfied with this product....don't buy this..,Smart Watch,118
8650,1,Very cheap health monitoring,Smart Watch,28
8651,2,Sensor is not working well Battery backup max 5-7 days Wakeup is too late to on Call notification to late to notify,Smart Watch,115
8652,3,Very poor quality watch',Smart Watch,24
8653,3,"The app is really pathetic. Its not syncing any data, the watch gets restart while syncing which is really annoying.",Smart Watch,116
8654,2,worst,Smart Watch,5
8655,1,Charging point get corroded within a 2 month,Smart Watch,44
8656,1,Waste of money don't purchase. Dint purchase this. MIband 3 us better is than this band..,Smart Watch,89
8657,1,Zero star,Smart Watch,9
8658,2,Dumb product. Doesn't sync data with App. Resets All data in watch & restarts every time it get connected with Mobile.,Smart Watch,118
8659,1,Display is too small overall performance is good,Smart Watch,48
8660,1,"Actually when I read the reviews I was very impressed by frankly not as xpected yea the price s low bt still with less Features it could have been better spo2 tracker s not at all accurate the biggest problem s gets disconnected often and cannot receive even message alerts,also the display s very small not many watch faces although u can change the wall paper but frankly I m disappointed giving 3 stars only coz of low price",Smart Watch,427
8661,1,Very worst product,Smart Watch,18
8662,1,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
8663,1,Very bad product weast money don't buy this product,Smart Watch,51
8664,1,Bad quality,Smart Watch,11
8665,1,Notifications are not working properly... Replaced two times.. But same problem !!,Smart Watch,82
8666,1,Super 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,Smart Watch,12
8667,3,Worst product,Smart Watch,13
8668,1,"Look wise good . But there are to many issues in it. 1. Automatic disconnect from the smartphone. 2. Call notification doesn't receive. 3. Only you can get whatsapp, gmail and instagram notification expect other applications. 4. On this price range this is worst product.  I don't recommend to anyone to buy this product. Honest review by Sandeep Rawth",Smart Watch,352
8669,1,Not gud functions,Smart Watch,17
8670,1,"Bought 2, not that worth.",Smart Watch,25
8671,1,3rd class watch very bad west of money don't buy,Smart Watch,48
8672,1,After two weeks use i am giving the rating battery back up is to worst it's getting 4 Days only,Smart Watch,95
8673,5,I doubt about boat watch quality. My boat strom watch is doesn't start boat's watch quality is not good but i trust in boat headsets quality is good.,Smart Watch,149
8674,1,Suddenly lose connection with phone her pro gear apps,Smart Watch,53
8675,1,"I bought this product for my brother but it disconnects continuously. He didn’t notice initially and thought it might be something else but when he did, till then, the return period. It is a waste product for us now.",Smart Watch,216
8676,1,Bad product 👎,Smart Watch,13
8677,1,I was using Mi band 3 from past 2 years and never faced any problem in activity tracking. But in this watch I'm facing problem from day 1. It is not showing activity Properly my steps r not tracked according. Sleep data is not accurate as well. I'm very much disappointed by this watch.,Smart Watch,286
8678,1,Not good in anyway waste of money. No features no backup.I will not recommend to anyone to purchase it.,Smart Watch,103
8679,1,"Pros: 1) SP02 monitor 2) Blood pressure monitor 3) heart rate monitor 4) Sleep tracker  Cons Heart rate, blood pressure monitor not synchronised with app .  Social media notification like whatsapp is useless you cant read even single line of message not even nma of sender   Overall price is little high, android app user interface is very very poor,no heart rate blood oxygen and blood pressure synchronised to app time by time only walking steps and sleep tracker is synchronised  Watch skins a...",Smart Watch,499
8680,1,"this totally makes you fool, wrong bp, spo2 heartbeat redings, always problem with bt connectivity, display doesn't connect. touch not work smoothly.totally not a smart watch its electric watch.",Smart Watch,194
8681,1,Don't Purchase This Product. After 4-5 Months Many Problem,Smart Watch,58
8682,1,Bad product,Smart Watch,11
8683,1,Defective band don't buy plz,Smart Watch,28
8684,1,Charger gets broken after 3 months and app is horrible. It restarts every time I try to sync,Smart Watch,92
8685,1,Don’t purchase it because all bands are better than this,Smart Watch,56
8686,3,Worst product on Flipkart N Flipkart is not trustworthy,Smart Watch,55
8687,1,"Every day we need to connect the mobile, and sometimes connection issue also, can I get some good app",Smart Watch,101
8688,1,Not good,Smart Watch,8
8689,1,Wrong data count today when i went for run it already on 1.4km but when i completed my running it show the wrong data. Very disappointed,Smart Watch,136
8690,1,don't purchase,Smart Watch,14
8691,1,Bluetooth Connectivity is very poor with mobile. Sometime after synchronising data complete then watch is automatic restart and not connected with phone continue.,Smart Watch,162
8692,1,"During synchronization, the watch restarts automatically and every time the synchronization fails...",Smart Watch,100
8693,1,Very very bed watch,Smart Watch,19
8694,1,"Bluetooth connectivity is very poor, No what's app notification.",Smart Watch,64
8695,1,Activity Tracking is very poor,Smart Watch,30
8696,1,Sensor not working after 2 months,Smart Watch,33
8697,1,This watch not working totally worst product,Smart Watch,44
8698,1,Disgusting product,Smart Watch,18
8699,1,Doesn’t meet expectations waste of money,Smart Watch,40
8700,1,Problem in activity tracking and notification display,Smart Watch,53
8701,1,It lags alot dont buy,Smart Watch,21
8702,1,It's not connected with phone calls and not at all working any features.,Smart Watch,72
8703,1,I am still not able to use the custom watch faces.,Smart Watch,50
8704,1,I have tried this product for cycling but it's not working for that sports mode also not showing traveled distance,Smart Watch,114
8705,1,Side button stopped working in 3 months. Body and screen prone to scratches,Smart Watch,75
8706,1,Does not working,Smart Watch,16
8707,1,Doesn't show anything accurate except time. Don't buy this product.,Smart Watch,67
8708,1,It doesn’t connect to phone....,Smart Watch,31
8709,1,"Not recommended,,, connectivity is poor.",Smart Watch,40
8710,1,Most of the time call connection not worked.. It's not good,Smart Watch,59
8711,1,"Very bad and very bad , I try to return but they denied again and again, still no single call or response ,very dissatisfied with the product and vendor, never ever recommend",Smart Watch,174
8712,2,Connectivity is very poor Everytime i have to reconnect it,Smart Watch,58
8713,1,Not bed,Smart Watch,7
8714,1,Product very bad automatically disconnect not work,Smart Watch,50
8715,1,Do not work properly .. very bad item,Smart Watch,37
8716,1,Worst products dont buy this watch,Smart Watch,34
8717,1,"Activity tracker is not accurate Heart rate ,spo2 and bp measurement is also not accurate Notification on watch didn't work properly",Smart Watch,132
8718,1,Didnt connect in iphone properly,Smart Watch,32
8719,1,Connecting product problem,Smart Watch,26
8720,1,I expect big Display but tis is very small,Smart Watch,42
8721,1,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
8722,1,Excellent product 👍👍,Smart Watch,20
8723,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8724,3,Worst product,Smart Watch,13
8725,1,Don't waste your money i didn't liked the features,Smart Watch,50
8726,2,Display smaller,Smart Watch,15
8727,4,Display is not nice,Smart Watch,19
8728,5,"Poor connectivity, just like a moody watch sometimes will give you notification and sometimes will not. Feeling like I have purchased a digital watch not a smartwatch.",Smart Watch,167
8729,5,Don't waste your money,Smart Watch,22
8730,5,Not upto the mark. Parametre is not right.,Smart Watch,42
8731,1,Not a reliable product as very few times shows call/sms alerts. It frequently disconnects in case of app close or phone lock.,Smart Watch,125
8732,1,No call shows No msgs No notification on smartwatch,Smart Watch,51
8733,1,Very bad product don't buy please,Smart Watch,33
8734,1,It's pathetic,Smart Watch,13
8735,1,Bad products . I return this product,Smart Watch,36
8736,1,Not well in performance,Smart Watch,23
8737,1,Limited features Not any good faces Very too small display Connectivity not properly,Smart Watch,84
8738,1,This smart watch not computable in iPhone,Smart Watch,41
8739,1,It's didn't connect with the app correctly don't buy go for another brand,Smart Watch,73
8740,1,Worthless watch don't buy it.,Smart Watch,29
8741,1,"* Connection issue with Android & IPhone * SPo2 reading is not correct, BP reading is not completely random * Many times, get default settings, so call, SMS, Watsapp notifications gets auto disabled  Reliable for time/typical watch purpose",Smart Watch,239
8742,1,Great watch. Can even measure blood pressure and many more amazing features. Battery life around a week,Smart Watch,103
8743,1,"Everything is perfect . Except the display . It have curved edges , eventhough the display is small and display light is low",Smart Watch,124
8744,1,"Bad experience, bad choice, also very bad customer support..",Smart Watch,60
8745,1,Measures all the activities wrongly,Smart Watch,35
8746,1,No good product,Smart Watch,15
8747,1,Good product but wake up guestures are not working,Smart Watch,50
8748,1,Money wasted totally. The bluetooth gets disconnected a lot of times and we need to connect it again n again. No use of paying 2499 if this kind of glitches come. Boat is disappointing.,Smart Watch,185
8749,5,Not expected this from you guys,Smart Watch,31
8750,1,Faulty,Smart Watch,6
8751,1,Its not charging,Smart Watch,16
8752,1,nice product activity measure is not good,Smart Watch,41
8753,1,Worst Product. Not Recommended to buy. The boat progear app is even more worst. Better buy some other product. Dont waste money. Whenever I sync the app with watch its rebooting & erasing all the data.,Smart Watch,201
8754,1,Screen size to small and Non-refundable product. Don't purchase,Smart Watch,63
8755,1,"a very bad product, please don't buy it...",Smart Watch,42
8756,1,Poor conetivity,Smart Watch,15
8757,1,Dial size are very small,Smart Watch,24
8758,1,connection problems are more connectivity problem,Smart Watch,49
8759,5,Resevide damaged,Smart Watch,16
8760,1,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
8761,1,I m not happy,Smart Watch,13
8762,1,After some days my watch side button is not working and lagging problem,Smart Watch,71
8763,1,After 2-3 months the watch stopped working automatically. Now i am regretting why I purchased boat product. They pick my watch to repair and sent it through delhivery delivery partner and they are showing that the new product is delivered. I dont know at which address they had delivered that watch. I want to recommend you guys don’t waste your valuable money for this watch. Please look for another option.,Smart Watch,408
8764,1,Not accurately working call massages notification not give properly .,Smart Watch,69
8765,1,Awesome 😍❤️,Smart Watch,11
8766,1,No options to changing wallpaper photos 😐,Smart Watch,41
8767,1,Very Small touch Screen and much outdated in market... software interface is outdated .. Over priced while comparing it's facilities to other competitors in Market.👎👎👎,Smart Watch,167
8768,1,Battery bad,Smart Watch,11
8769,1,"Nor satisfied of this product And celler policy is not good, I was deceived by this smart watch 😪😪",Smart Watch,98
8770,1,"Don't buy produc, using the last one week Small issues worest product and no responsibility boat serviceing center , not showing notification don't buy waste of money",Smart Watch,166
8771,1,Never buy this product. Quality is not good and flipkart won't return this product if you don't like it.,Smart Watch,104
8772,5,Watch is good but the app sucks its fully loaded with bugs you cannot track your activity cant connect to the app since january 2021 still it has not fixed instead go for noise colorfit pro 2.,Smart Watch,192
8773,1,Not good Don't buy,Smart Watch,18
8774,1,"Ok for the price, many bugs in the apps, I don't recommend this watch to anyone's.",Smart Watch,82
8775,1,"Synchronization problem, contacts messages anything not connect .. worst product",Smart Watch,80
8776,1,Heated very bad I'm unsitsfied,Smart Watch,30
8777,1,Missing charger cable,Smart Watch,21
8778,1,battery life not good & msg not delievered instagram & facebook if i opened msg notification alert .,Smart Watch,100
8779,1,Absolutely a piece of trash Don't buy it gives wrong readings,Smart Watch,61
8780,1,Nice product super battery life I loved it ❤️,Smart Watch,45
8781,2,Worst watch don’t buy this little screen and app is too worst not working at all,Smart Watch,80
8782,1,Watch is looking nice but the thing is app is not supporting.. It is howing wrong time And I want to change the setting but the app is not installing it is showing pending.... Don't blindly.. See the app review also then only u buy... Otherwise waste of money...,Smart Watch,262
8783,1,"Worst product, unable to access with device. Limited functions are there only, touch is too low, Unable to set the device, default is only applicable",Smart Watch,149
8784,1,It not working,Smart Watch,14
8785,2,Not good ! Blood pressure measurement not accurate. Not single quality to buy it my advice do not buy it.it is not smart watch just watched.,Smart Watch,140
8786,1,"Defected product was given to me. Then I exchange it , I got a used product from the company. Disappointed with boat for this.",Smart Watch,126
8787,4,connecting prblm,Smart Watch,16
8788,1,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
8789,5,Screen is very berry very small don't buy it 😠😠😑😒😒😑😑😒😒😒😒,Smart Watch,56
8790,1,It's sad 😒😒becuz.its automatic face screen is off.order for 2 days...,Smart Watch,69
8791,1,Watch is nice but not able paired with mobile worst software I guess please resolve this issue on priority other wise you will lose business. If you ask for replacement they will update trouble shooting done without trouble shooting it's pathetic.,Smart Watch,247
8792,1,Seems that product is nice I like it but only one thing is that screen frame rate is low it's like lagging so I give 4 stars,Smart Watch,124
8793,1,"Don't buy ,, we are facing face sensor problem.",Smart Watch,47
8794,1,Worst product .... not worth a buy .... app synchronicity with watch is dismal and wrong data come out .... go for mi band !,Smart Watch,124
8795,5,Senser currently working only 2 month after off help cre not respond,Smart Watch,68
8796,1,Not good working. Reading is veriable,Smart Watch,37
8797,1,Very worst product plz don’t buy this watch Sometime notifications not showing and very worst,Smart Watch,93
8798,1,"Worst watch .Too small sized dial and screen is even smaller . Quality is also not gud .Even more worst is flipcart policy ,they denied to exchange or return d watch .Plz dont buy any electronic product from FLIPCART as if u buy d electronic product and if u dont like they dont exchange ur product So plz plz dont buy any electronic and smart gazette from FLIPCART",Smart Watch,365
8799,4,Its worst😡 getting shut down in few minutes..again n again😡 worst product never buy this watch,Smart Watch,94
8800,1,It's is not working calls,Smart Watch,25
8801,1,Nice product it's ok 👍👍👍,Smart Watch,24
8802,1,Osam smart watch,Smart Watch,16
8803,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
8804,1,not Acurate result,Smart Watch,18
8805,1,Its a super product,Smart Watch,19
8806,1,"Very bad build quality, upon fallen from not even 1 meter the screen broken into pieces. Total waste of money",Smart Watch,109
8807,1,Very nice 👌,Smart Watch,11
8808,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8809,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
8810,3,"The display is small. Feels like a toy watch. The display quality is poor as well as the icons seem blurry. The major issue is it doesn't connect to its mobile app. And when it does connect, it automatically disconnects itself after a few minutes. And again, the battery would probably last 3 days at most! The watch however looks good when it's display is off as it appears black all over. The strap quality is fair.",Smart Watch,417
8811,2,Connectivity is too bad,Smart Watch,23
8812,5,Good products,Smart Watch,13
8813,1,It will be disconnecting automatically,Smart Watch,38
8814,5,Pathetic after 1 month of purchasing it’s not working,Smart Watch,53
8815,4,I'm happy,Smart Watch,9
8816,5,Excellent watch with a 7 days battery backup,Smart Watch,44
8817,1,Bad products don't buy waste of money,Smart Watch,37
8818,1,Nice watch can use roughly,Smart Watch,26
8819,5,Love it product,Smart Watch,15
8820,1,I love this watch,Smart Watch,17
8821,1,Good and amazing watch,Smart Watch,22
8822,5,Very bad looking product fell like a toy watch,Smart Watch,46
8823,5,Dont purches. Not working properly. Bad product.,Smart Watch,48
8824,1,Best at this price range...only con is the app...it dont sync ta watch..otherwise everything is perfect,Smart Watch,103
8825,4,Nice...bt updation very slow,Smart Watch,28
8826,5,good waych,Smart Watch,10
8827,5,Just Awesome...😘😘,Smart Watch,17
8828,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8829,1,Poor display quality..simply waste of money,Smart Watch,43
8830,1,Watch is awesome,Smart Watch,16
8831,5,Good product 😘,Smart Watch,14
8832,4,Not working properly,Smart Watch,20
8833,4,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
8834,5,Satisfied with this product. thank you.,Smart Watch,39
8835,4,Not working properly automatic disconnected to mobile incoming call n massage notification not showing ....,Smart Watch,107
8836,1,"Product is good with price 2499/- Need more features and accuracy of health apps. Need to update watch face, unable to change own style faces.",Smart Watch,142
8837,4,Very bad product please don't buy,Smart Watch,33
8838,5,Worst watch... Dont buy this,Smart Watch,28
8839,1,"Suddenly bluetooth is not connecting, unable to pair it with my smartphone. Tried all options like uninstalling the app and with different phones but same issue. Highly frustrating and it has been just around 3 months since I bought this.",Smart Watch,238
8840,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8841,5,Not showing custom image area for watch face...,Smart Watch,47
8842,1,Good products,Smart Watch,13
8843,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
8844,1,It working good,Smart Watch,15
8845,1,I have been buying the product for two months and the product has gone defective,Smart Watch,80
8846,1,Budget killer Watch,Smart Watch,19
8847,5,Best in this price segment,Smart Watch,26
8848,4,"For this price of range,this is the best smartwatch ever.",Smart Watch,57
8849,3,Awesome product...Amazing look...👌👌🤘..Company should improve it's packaging..,Smart Watch,77
8850,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
8851,5,Good enough.,Smart Watch,12
8852,1,I really loved it... thankieww flipkart ❤,Smart Watch,41
8853,5,"dont buy this, sensor is not good, app is too bad, its automatically restart when i am try to sync with watch device. i lose my all data. not smart watch its fool watch.",Smart Watch,169
8854,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
8855,4,Pretty good... Nice watch,Smart Watch,25
8856,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
8857,5,"Never expected this from.boat, wrost app and band is restarting very often. Please I request not to go with this band.",Smart Watch,118
8858,3,Really amazing product.more than expectations.loved it😍😍,Smart Watch,56
8859,5,Good but Small Dial,Smart Watch,19
8860,1,Best smart watch i ever seen. Good feel & design as well.,Smart Watch,57
8861,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8862,5,Nice products Nice battery backup,Smart Watch,33
8863,3,"Excellent in design and build quality.. Battery backup is also good.. Only one bad thing i felt is Getting delay response as call notifications, whenever I'm getting calls from mobile..and one more issue is Bluetooth connections will be automatically disconnected in a time while. Hope In case that issues has been solved from some proper updates..Apart from that boat storm is good smartwatch for this price category..😍",Smart Watch,420
8864,1,very bad product,Smart Watch,16
8865,5,Worst of money not more features and not good quality,Smart Watch,53
8866,5,Not working properly bad experiance,Smart Watch,35
8867,5,Alerts are not getting properly.,Smart Watch,32
8868,5,Bluetooth and notifications working very slow don't buy this item everyone,Smart Watch,74
8869,5,"Very Bad customer support, The Charging cable missing from the product which I received, the problem not yet solved after so many complaints.",Smart Watch,141
8870,4,Bluetooth connectivity problems,Smart Watch,31
8871,1,Not as expected limited features,Smart Watch,32
8872,1,"Best in his class ,go for it , only one problem not able to customize my foto on dial..iam searching how to do it, watch is perfect",Smart Watch,131
8873,1,"Don't even worth a star.  ▪︎App doesn't work properly. ▪︎Data never synchronize with app automatically. ▪︎Only reliable reading is about daily steps covered. ▪︎BP and blood oxygen readings never varies even on different persons. ▪︎DEVICE TURNS OFF AUTOMATICALLY EVERYTIME YOU TRIES TO SYNC DATA AND SYNCHRONIZATION GETS FAILED. ▪︎Very poor customer services.   I'll say... spend some more bucks and don't buy boat, noise and realme... 've used them all.",Smart Watch,453
8874,1,Worst,Smart Watch,5
8875,2,The budget smart watch worth it,Smart Watch,31
8876,1,Very bad product after one month watch connecting but no notification show in watch. Waste of 💰💰..don't buy guys  after replacement again not working after one month.,Smart Watch,166
8877,1,Bad quality bikul beekar waste of money,Smart Watch,39
8878,1,"Product look wise good price also low, but Bp, heart rate data not correct as compare medical equipment Bluetooth also auto disconnected issue. only call disconnected notify avl, other app notification not avl.",Smart Watch,210
8879,5,"Getting Scratches Very Soon ,At Least they can provide one screen protector with it....",Smart Watch,87
8880,1,The app needs alot updates!,Smart Watch,27
8881,1,We didn't receive a product i cant expect this kind of fault soo bad !,Smart Watch,70
8882,4,My Refund rejected....... Not a gud product..... Bluetooth very poor connectivity.......,Smart Watch,88
8883,1,Osm watch delivery boy good service,Smart Watch,35
8884,1,"Best watch in terms of quality , though u cant find additional features like in fake watches all the apps comes within it are very genuine including all the tests",Smart Watch,162
8885,2,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
8886,1,Worst product,Smart Watch,13
8887,1,"Very poor connectivity. Very often disconnecting, enhancement is required for the App",Smart Watch,85
8888,4,Was ok for the the price... Gives you a cool look but don't expect with the health sensor motion and all ...,Smart Watch,108
8889,1,SOME FUNCTIONS ARE NOT WORKING,Smart Watch,30
8890,5,Cheap don't buy,Smart Watch,15
8891,5,Excellent product in affordable price..,Smart Watch,39
8892,1,Nice product! Indian brand hain jyada mar socho lelo! I have full trust on peoples they will definitely go with realme and oppo loppo type brands!,Smart Watch,146
8893,1,Nice.... Amazing.... Worthty..... Value for money..... Battery good.... Look good... Total pesa vasul product.... Check review on youtube...,Smart Watch,140
8894,2,"Build quality is good, software features not proper, very less attractive boat progearapp, features also less compare to other brand watches. Display quality need to improve",Smart Watch,173
8895,3,Calling and what's app not available,Smart Watch,36
8896,1,They are many issues in the app they are not at all bothered. I'm not sure the problem is with the watch or with app. We wont get any call notification every time i need to synchronise manually then i get notifications. For sports mode like walking there is no voice alert after every 1km.,Smart Watch,289
8897,1,Not so good touch not work,Smart Watch,26
8898,5,"This watch is waste of money, it will keep failing when you will try to sync it. Display is Chinese .",Smart Watch,101
8899,5,Not good,Smart Watch,8
8900,5,"Disappointingly, screen too small,function don't work proper 😫",Smart Watch,62
8901,4,Useless product,Smart Watch,15
8902,1,no face watch,Smart Watch,13
8903,1,Worst,Smart Watch,5
8904,1,"I had some display issues, luckily get it replaced soon. now, I am facing issues related to inaccurate step counts. I today noticed that after walking not more than 30-35 steps the watch showing me 293 steps. So I really not recommend this to anyone.",Smart Watch,250
8905,1,The watch is tooo badd don't buy it when it synchronisating with app it get shutdown. And it's connectivity js too poor and it's indication is also poor. I m very disappointed with this watchh,Smart Watch,192
8906,1,Theme is like old keypad phone.,Smart Watch,31
8907,1,Not as desired,Smart Watch,14
8908,1,bkwas watch,Smart Watch,11
8909,1,Not good .. calling sestem nhi hai,Smart Watch,34
8910,1,battery 🔋 super last for 13 days durable customized dial feature is good best in this price,Smart Watch,91
8911,1,Worst,Smart Watch,5
8912,1,Worst watch,Smart Watch,11
8913,1,There is no dial faces options,Smart Watch,30
8914,1,Battery lifetime is less 1-2 only,Smart Watch,33
8915,1,Very slow wake up after raising hand... And no still clock face,Smart Watch,63
8916,1,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
8917,5,Not good automatic connection watch,Smart Watch,35
8918,1,"Display is not fully covered, side edges are left blank with black color",Smart Watch,72
8919,1,Dual timing not available &take too much time to connect with phone,Smart Watch,67
8920,1,Best product.,Smart Watch,13
8921,1,I love this watch,Smart Watch,17
8922,1,I am writing this review after 1 month usage.watch is awsome But my watch ooerates automatically no touch responces.,Smart Watch,116
8923,1,Poor quality... It's not very bad quality !!!,Smart Watch,45
8924,1,"Bluetooth not working sometime,caller Notification very slow 😒",Smart Watch,62
8925,1,Size is too small,Smart Watch,17
8926,1,"None of the features are working properly be it SP02, bp, sleep monitoring etc. Also the strap once wet starts itching skin.",Smart Watch,124
8927,5,Not getting connected to boat app or bluetooth,Smart Watch,46
8928,5,Not good in tracking blood pressure etc,Smart Watch,39
8929,1,Waste product,Smart Watch,13
8930,1,"There is no support available for after sale service. I had bought this watch and unfortunately my touchscreen glass broke, I called up Flipkart as well as Boat custcare, which turned out to be Kast-care!! This watch went useless just in 15 days for me.. Also, no service station is available in Gujarat for this smartwatch.. Sad experience!!",Smart Watch,342
8931,1,Please dont judge the reviews all reviews are wrong the accuracy of this watch is worst. And if u are purchasing for BP monitoring than this gone be waste of yours 2500 rs. Never expected such a cheap product from a reputated brand.,Smart Watch,232
8932,1,Not include self image update,Smart Watch,29
8933,1,Im really very disappointed..only 3 dial faces r coming..i cant change it frm gallery..its saying always keep ur location on..in mine there is no option to change wallpapr acc to me,Smart Watch,181
8934,1,Not good,Smart Watch,8
8935,1,Product not working and seller refused to take the product back. Buy only if you are willing to waste money if it dont works well,Smart Watch,129
8936,1,It's not good. I'm working,Smart Watch,26
8937,1,Worst product,Smart Watch,13
8938,1,Useless. Please don't buy.,Smart Watch,26
8939,1,Very bad product it’s only worked on 15 day after that it’s not working,Smart Watch,71
8940,1,its was very bad and bad site for flipkart,Smart Watch,42
8941,1,Bluetooth connection issue it was automatically disconnecting,Smart Watch,61
8942,1,Not good,Smart Watch,8
8943,1,Worst ever watch I have seen. Pairing is a nightmare with this watch,Smart Watch,68
8944,1,Waste of money Don't buy this product Fully useless,Smart Watch,51
8945,1,Boat app doesn't feature upload other apps...,Smart Watch,45
8946,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
8947,1,Its a nice watch ...👍💯🧭,Smart Watch,23
8948,1,Simple and Nice watch... Good choice for learning....,Smart Watch,53
8949,1,Its good but we can't make calls by it and can't give reply to the messages And it automatically reboot when it been synchronising,Smart Watch,130
8950,1,I adress to everyone who want to buy this watch I had ordered this and claim refund for this in two days many more issues in this watch 1.poor activities tracking 2. Poor connectivity with pro gear app of boat every time synchronisation the steps gets short which you walk 3.bp monitoring ❤️ rate monitoring are not uptomark 4. Battery was ok 5. Music connectivity is poor 6. Sms not able to view and calls are coming not picked through watch,Smart Watch,442
8951,1,Blue tooth keeps continuously disconnects from phone and it is the one of the biggest disadvantage,Smart Watch,98
8952,2,Awesome Watch😊😘 i loved it,Smart Watch,26
8953,5,Average,Smart Watch,7
8954,5,"(PS: Personal Opinions and Observations after a months usage) Built Quality and interface is exactly same as Go Noise Colour fit pro 2 Battery life is good, lasts a week  Hepatic feedback is very poor, you tend to miss the notifications Notifications are delayed, there are times where notifications were delivered after 24 hours The app is very poor, it will sync your watch everytime you open the app It takes ages to set the watch faces Heart Rate monitor and Oxygen levels are very much off as...",Smart Watch,500
8955,4,It is gorgeous... Battery power hulk... I like it ...,Smart Watch,53
8956,3,No watch faces,Smart Watch,14
8957,2,Gud,Smart Watch,3
8958,3,"""Value for money"" Display size would have been a little more big like covering the entire screen except that i love the watch it's really worth buying for this money compared to realme and noise smartwatch",Smart Watch,205
8959,5,Its very nice watch ..and good looking,Smart Watch,38
8960,4,Good. But Still I Can't Customise Watch Face....,Smart Watch,48
8961,2,Call alert function not working,Smart Watch,31
8962,5,It's a best watch in this range.,Smart Watch,32
8963,3,"First of all, lightning quick delivery by Flipkart.. Product is really good and comfortable at the moment. I add more points as I use product for few more weeks... But at this moment my impression is that, it will serve the purpose... Step count accuracy is huge plus point at the moment..",Smart Watch,289
8964,5,Gud,Smart Watch,3
8965,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
8966,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
8967,3,Good job,Smart Watch,8
8968,3,screen guard should given with the pack.,Smart Watch,40
8969,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
8970,5,Best product,Smart Watch,12
8971,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
8972,5,Stylish and gud looking but feature wise not good. Oxymeter- Bakwas Bp- ekdum fake Heart rate- okay Activity sensors are of no use I'm posting it after a month of purchase. If you want to show off then only go for it.,Smart Watch,217
8973,5,Nice display. Value for money.,Smart Watch,30
8974,4,"Looking awesome,nice watch!",Smart Watch,27
8975,5,Cool,Smart Watch,4
8976,5,Very nice product. Battery life is well,Smart Watch,39
8977,4,Best smart watch,Smart Watch,16
8978,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
8979,3,Great watch .. i love it,Smart Watch,24
8980,4,Nice product n ise friendly,Smart Watch,27
8981,5,Battery Back-up is superb,Smart Watch,25
8982,5,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
8983,5,Nice watch. Product is good. Main thing we need to talk about battery life running more than 10days.,Smart Watch,100
8984,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8985,5,The product is delivered within 24 hours and my son is very happy 🙂🙂,Smart Watch,68
8986,5,Very Very good product 👌 on this price ⌚,Smart Watch,40
8987,5,It can be considered an entry level wearable tech. Don't expect precise outputs. For first time buyers of smartwatch it is the best option. And for me an extra point for being an Indian company.,Smart Watch,194
8988,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
8989,5,I get this watch only on 1999 rs so it's worthy for me. and value for money. Watch look is premium and Battery life is good but the activities control such BP monitoring is bad and rest of all things in is absolutely fine.,Smart Watch,222
8990,4,Exlent watch nice product,Smart Watch,25
8991,4,Nice watch of this budget Light weight Battery capacity 10 days,Smart Watch,63
8992,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
8993,5,"Worth a buy.. I have been using this for more than a month and found no flaw.. battery backup is awesome. No second thought, go for it",Smart Watch,134
8994,4,Comfort and stylish design....Nice battery life,Smart Watch,47
8995,4,"Watch is good but App is worst. watch tracks the step count, but when we try to sync with the App, suddenly all steps get reset and go to zero. This is very disappointing. As a smart watch step counter is a very basic feature and that is also not syncing correctly.  Giving 1 star due to the App, this is really annoying. Even automatic heartrate monitor doesnt seem to work.",Smart Watch,375
8996,4,Good one,Smart Watch,8
8997,5,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
8998,4,"Just good. Sometimes bluetooth can't sync the device i had to Unbind then Bind again. Watch homescreen are less. Battery backup is good. Sleep track is somewhere accurate. But Modes are good by app, as it does not have gps the cycling, biking, through the app shows the location of travelling.",Smart Watch,293
8999,3,Best watch,Smart Watch,10
9000,5,Support watch vary good,Smart Watch,23
9001,5,One word value for money in low budget,Smart Watch,38
9002,2,Good value for money. Has no issues except the blood pressure sensor. It's highly inaccurate. So if u want to test ur blood pressure then don't buy it. Otherwise no issue. Also to UI is quiet laggy but it is acceptable for the price. Also several improvement is required in the app,Smart Watch,281
9003,5,Nice product in budget,Smart Watch,22
9004,4,No call notification,Smart Watch,20
9005,5,Don't buy this product. Worst experience. Activity tracking is very poor. App is too worst. No synchronization,Smart Watch,110
9006,5,Very cheap look,Smart Watch,15
9007,5,No happy,Smart Watch,8
9008,4,Wast pordat,Smart Watch,11
9009,3,connectivity problem,Smart Watch,20
9010,4,Have always issue in connectivity....,Smart Watch,37
9011,2,Nice watch 😊😊,Smart Watch,13
9012,1,Good product.Battery back up is awesome and thanx for fast delivery,Smart Watch,67
9013,1,"Not that good, go for other watch,boat app isn't developed well sync fails many times and the data is lost too...",Smart Watch,113
9014,2,In this price range it is good product. i purchased it in Rs. 1999,Smart Watch,66
9015,2,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
9016,1,Awesome product in a good Range,Smart Watch,31
9017,2,"Recommend to buy if you need this watch , battery and function is good",Smart Watch,70
9018,4,"I can't believe that boat is sinking its name, I am facing connectivity and synchronisation.",Smart Watch,92
9019,3,"It's amazing at price of 1999, I think everyone should buy who wants has dream to buy Smart watch",Smart Watch,97
9020,3,Awesome watch best buy 👍,Smart Watch,24
9021,3,Good product,Smart Watch,12
9022,4,It is awesome. Battery backup is also good. Touch is very smooth. Looks classy.,Smart Watch,79
9023,5,Awesomeness overloaded with work,Smart Watch,32
9024,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
9025,3,Best smart watch in this price segment Excellent battery backup,Smart Watch,63
9026,5,Nice watch  Good battery 🔋 backup Upto 8 days,Smart Watch,45
9027,5,Battery drain issue,Smart Watch,19
9028,5,After lot research finally brought boat .Value for money,Smart Watch,56
9029,5,Good quality.....,Smart Watch,17
9030,5,Average but battery is good best for price,Smart Watch,42
9031,5,Budget Segment smart watch with massive features loaded in that. Go for it.....,Smart Watch,79
9032,5,"Watch is awesome. Features rich, battery life is also decent. Only issue is the app, need a lot of improvement",Smart Watch,110
9033,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
9034,1,Satisfied with the price and performance,Smart Watch,40
9035,3,Nice battery backup Under 2k Very very good,Smart Watch,43
9036,4,Average product Tracking is not accurate. Battery backup is good. Looking good. Screen glass is very poor.,Smart Watch,106
9037,3,Value for money... In 2k range boat is providing multiple function. Look is awesome.. I will suggest to buy if your budget is not high.,Smart Watch,135
9038,5,Looks good with nice features,Smart Watch,29
9039,4,A best smartwatch in this price,Smart Watch,31
9040,5,Worst connectivity with mobile app. App working too bad,Smart Watch,55
9041,4,Watch is good. But boat gear app is lagging. Synchronizing time watch gets restart and all activity gets erased. So nothing on record. It's better to use only watch without using app. Hope software updates solves this bug,Smart Watch,221
9042,5,Not bad okay but please add to new futures,Smart Watch,42
9043,3,Superb products and Superb Fast delivery,Smart Watch,40
9044,5,"Its really awesome, I gifted to my hubby, he was really surprised and satisfied with this, he felt very happy, thank you",Smart Watch,120
9045,4,Build product is very low strap is not that good as expected. Display is also not that good as we all see in videos notifications alert comes very late by the time u get notification call gets end ....,Smart Watch,201
9046,5,"Not bad at all in this price range, got it in 1799 . Working well",Smart Watch,65
9047,2,I am very happy with product..,Smart Watch,30
9048,3,Battery issue,Smart Watch,13
9049,3,Awesome dial shape with great features @1999,Smart Watch,44
9050,5,Ok ok,Smart Watch,5
9051,5,"Measurements were not appropriate though it's only for reference, overall good performance, display not so good compared others brands.",Smart Watch,135
9052,2,Nice & beautiful,Smart Watch,16
9053,5,Nice product in 2000prise,Smart Watch,25
9054,5,Great smart watch,Smart Watch,17
9055,2,"Review after a day:  Built quality is cheap not sure why mrp is set at 6000 bucks. Features are nice only if accurate. Accuracy is not ok, not sure every time I measure BP of any of my family member it gives single common reading, 119/74.",Smart Watch,238
9056,4,"Good watch and very cool watch but no notification whats app, face book",Smart Watch,71
9057,3,Its Fantastic🤘😝🤘,Smart Watch,16
9058,3,I love it very much... Thankuhh Flipkart 😚😚😚,Smart Watch,44
9059,5,Watch display not atractive,Smart Watch,27
9060,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
9061,5,Happy But boat progare app is worst,Smart Watch,35
9062,1,BP level is not accurate...,Smart Watch,27
9063,5,Awesome watch special thanks for watch quality rally very nice boat products,Smart Watch,76
9064,5,Super nice product,Smart Watch,18
9065,5,I had received an second hand used and defective product....can't believe all this things happens in flipkart..going worst day by day,Smart Watch,133
9066,3,"Good at 2000, dnt expect much at this price range.",Smart Watch,50
9067,5,Average,Smart Watch,7
9068,4,"It's Not a good products, it's steps calculate showing wrong",Smart Watch,60
9069,3,Very bad..phones Notification is not come on watch,Smart Watch,50
9070,5,Very bad quality,Smart Watch,16
9071,4,Why watch is disconnected every time? I m unhappy for this product pls give solution for this problem or update it,Smart Watch,114
9072,3,"Money for value, good product",Smart Watch,29
9073,4,Everything is good except bluetooth connection. Every morning it gets disconnected and I have to turn off my mobile bluetooth and turn it on to connect to watch.,Smart Watch,161
9074,4,"*Product is satisfied for this price  *Battery life is good, I got more than 10 days  *One the negative is that, only 3 watch faces are available,",Smart Watch,146
9075,2,watch is awesome but did not fulfilled its promise of 100 faces. Still waiting for the update,Smart Watch,93
9076,1,Good 👍,Smart Watch,6
9077,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9078,3,Small display and there is issue in syncing with mobile app. Only 4 faces are unbuilt with the watch and you can not add more faces through app. Pls do not go for it.,Smart Watch,166
9079,5,"boat smart watch really very good, i compare with all smart watch all sensor r gud working nd show very gud results.....impressive look...",Smart Watch,138
9080,3,Good nice to buy nice price,Smart Watch,27
9081,5,Nice product in a price range.,Smart Watch,30
9082,3,Excellent watch compared to others in this price range....no issues faced till date...... approx 10 battery life after using it full day.....buy without any hesitation,Smart Watch,167
9083,4,Nice watch but gets disconnected again & again,Smart Watch,46
9084,5,"Very poor packing. Flipkart should improve such type of unprofessionalism. I got the order today with very poor packing condition.  Look is good, and for this price range you can’t expect more. Graphics and notifications are seems below average. App is working smoothly . Size and weight is perfect. Touch quality is okay for this price. Anyone who is looking for a budget smart watch; go for it.",Smart Watch,396
9085,1,Didn't except so low grade belt very harsh on skin. Don't have any call alert feature and very delayed notifications alert. Screen isn't so premium on touch feels cheap. Music control doesn't looks premium and sometime doesn't work. Doesn't worth for money.,Smart Watch,257
9086,4,Dont Buy this watch Application and watch connection very poor Not getting call and other notification in watch go for another watches,Smart Watch,134
9087,5,Poor blue tooth connectivity and faulty sensors.,Smart Watch,48
9088,5,Very nice with many amazing features.. thanks Flipkart 😌,Smart Watch,56
9089,5,Nice experience but boat should have update own app lack of watch faces is still a issue for users.. Overall nice product in this price segment 😊,Smart Watch,145
9090,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9091,3,I’m so happy nice product,Smart Watch,25
9092,3,Nyc watch and have good features but app was little poor,Smart Watch,56
9093,1,Good nd value fo money,Smart Watch,22
9094,2,It's a nice product.,Smart Watch,20
9095,4,Good Product by boat.. Backup is Good. Charging time is slightly Good. Screen size average but in this price range Screen size is good Good features in this price range Over all Good product by boat..,Smart Watch,200
9096,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
9097,5,So Nice in this price....,Smart Watch,25
9098,4,Very cool product,Smart Watch,17
9099,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
9100,4,good,Smart Watch,4
9101,5,Nice watch i am full happy thank you,Smart Watch,36
9102,5,Nice watch Good looking in hand.,Smart Watch,32
9103,5,Super product,Smart Watch,13
9104,5,"Its just 2 weeks I have purchased this item & facing problem. While synchronizing by Boat pro gear app,after 87% synchronizing, the watch restarts automatically. Can anyone help me with this issue? Rest of the things are ok.",Smart Watch,224
9105,4,Watch osam battery backup nice tnxxx to flipkart,Smart Watch,48
9106,5,"Nice one , the blood pressure mesurmaint quite good",Smart Watch,51
9107,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
9108,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
9109,5,Heart rate measure is not working properly. Don't buy Waste of money,Smart Watch,68
9110,5,"A really awesome watch, I used it for a week which I realized the battery backup is very good but it has very few features",Smart Watch,122
9111,3,Nothing,Smart Watch,7
9112,5,Nice watch Long battery life Good product,Smart Watch,41
9113,4,Full of bugs in v11 ..there are no custom wallpaper .. battery drain in 2days.. music control not working properly,Smart Watch,114
9114,5,It's Brad of boat ..but look like a chepest market tipe I am very dispointed with this tipe survice.. And flip cart also very down fall . marketing... As per day ....some Ishu going with this,Smart Watch,191
9115,5,Very nice product 👍👍👍,Smart Watch,21
9116,1,I am fully satisfied with this watch superb design,Smart Watch,50
9117,5,Personalized wallpaper does not shown in app setting,Smart Watch,52
9118,1,I love it,Smart Watch,9
9119,5,Waste money,Smart Watch,11
9120,1,Product is awesome,Smart Watch,18
9121,1,Add more feature,Smart Watch,16
9122,4,"Nice ,😍😍",Smart Watch,8
9123,5,Got it for 1599 during BBD sale. Nice watch as per price. Screen is bright and strap is strong.,Smart Watch,95
9124,1,Very good product I love 💞 it boat smartwatch,Smart Watch,45
9125,4,I love it,Smart Watch,9
9126,1,Screen size is smaller. As it seen in Images All over good design. They should also provide 1 screen guard with this Watch.,Smart Watch,123
9127,5,Supar ❤️. Boat is Pawar full 🌝 Brand .. boat ❤️👌,Smart Watch,48
9128,5,Awesome but improve display quality,Smart Watch,35
9129,5,Nice product at this price got it at just rs 1550.,Smart Watch,50
9130,4,Nice ❣️❣️,Smart Watch,9
9131,5,So in love with this smartwatch. Makes my life more focused. Perfect size for small wrists. Those with small wrists blindly go for it.,Smart Watch,134
9132,3,"At this price range this is not meet its value. Approximately 1500 price range is good. I was very excited before it's buy, I ignored so Manny product such as noise, realme mi, apple etc. I am very disappointed 😞to this product.",Smart Watch,228
9133,4,Nice and awsome under this price,Smart Watch,32
9134,4,After unpack this product You should install the Boat Pro Gear APP from play store to set the time of this watch. After binding with phone via Bluetooth the watch is ready to use. And this is great product.,Smart Watch,206
9135,3,Every thing is awesome but I was expecting some large size of touch display 1.3 cm looks like some ordinary type.,Smart Watch,113
9136,4,I am buying this watch rs-1999. So value for money. I like and Love this watch,Smart Watch,78
9137,5,Connecting problem issue,Smart Watch,24
9138,1,"Disconnected frequently with phone, sometime notification not received even phone connected, shown sigle notification/msg/whatsapp msg thrice in watch. Wake up gesture not working properly.",Smart Watch,189
9139,2,"Small in Value, Not in features  Pros-All features available with this watch Spo2 Heart rate monitor Blood pressure monitor Menstrual cycle Breathing exercises with alerts Multiple watch face Own pics watch face  Cons Display gives troubles sometimes but manageable looking at price.  Got it on deal @1800",Smart Watch,305
9140,5,"SPO2 continuous monitoring not available, also real time data of SPO2 not showing on application most of the times.   Worst product if you want to purchase it for SPO2 monitoring.",Smart Watch,179
9141,5,Watch is absolutely good for the price heart rate monitoring is perfect. Overall good performance,Smart Watch,97
9142,4,Awesome product...😍 Little issue in activity tracking and skipping tracks...otherwise good Display is not that great...✌🏻,Smart Watch,121
9143,4,Bluetooth connectivity is very poor.. Flipkart customer support for this product is also poor.. Look like wasted 2k,Smart Watch,115
9144,2,Battery permanence is very poor battery capacity is only one day 24 hours worst,Smart Watch,79
9145,2,Data is not accurate... showing wrong data of BP. No sleep data capturing. If you want to buy for time display go for it,Smart Watch,120
9146,5,Ordinary watch plz don't buy... there is no additional function,Smart Watch,63
9147,1,Very good performance watch,Smart Watch,27
9148,4,this is low cost watch and I love this,Smart Watch,38
9149,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
9150,1,Nice but disconnected problemas,Smart Watch,31
9151,1,Almost waste of money. Every time when it's Bluetooth disconnected it doesn't connect automatically and after reconnecting its call alert feature requires 5-10 minutes to enable.  Another drawback in this watch is about step counter feature. It calculate your kms even when you are on a vehicle.,Smart Watch,295
9152,2,Thankyou flipkart,Smart Watch,17
9153,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9154,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
9155,1,Bed product I was return this product next day,Smart Watch,46
9156,5,I got nothing inside,Smart Watch,20
9157,4,Not suitable,Smart Watch,12
9158,1,Very bad product.please not purchase this product.,Smart Watch,50
9159,5,"Activity tracker 🙄just waste of money, disappointed",Smart Watch,51
9160,4,Don't waste money u can use just wrist watch 2500 is to High better go for another band my requests. No return also available .,Smart Watch,127
9161,5,Nice looking superbb👌👌,Smart Watch,22
9162,1,It's good watch no cons found go for it don't buy clone watches this are good ones in that range go for it....,Smart Watch,110
9163,1,"Very good watch for students who are very active They can manipulate their progress in walking, running etc",Smart Watch,107
9164,2,superb product. No need to go for Apple Watch. This watch is worth buying. Go for it,Smart Watch,84
9165,1,"Not a single sensor shows accurate reading, high tolerance in readings.",Smart Watch,71
9166,2,Worst quality,Smart Watch,13
9167,1,"waste of money.the call is not connecting.pla,dont buy",Smart Watch,54
9168,5,Send defective watch,Smart Watch,20
9169,5,Good smart watch ........,Smart Watch,25
9170,5,The watch is horrible .I am not able to set watch faces and I replaced one time as the problem occurred.But after replacement the same problem occured in new product,Smart Watch,165
9171,5,Just for show nothing other than SpO2 is accurate..Can't pick the call.only call Disconnect option.It was more of a show watch or call it a healthband no real smartwatch,Smart Watch,169
9172,1,"Good product, nice features",Smart Watch,27
9173,1,the product is good at the price but there are many bugs like whenever i am synchronising the watch it is getting reboot. I have also replaced the product but then too same issue and don't know when boat will resolve it,Smart Watch,219
9174,1,The app should be improved,Smart Watch,26
9175,1,Just wow product....just have all the features which I wanted in a smart watch.....must buy for an athlete like mee,Smart Watch,115
9176,5,Delivery person is really well professional i would like to give him 5 star,Smart Watch,75
9177,1,Good Product,Smart Watch,12
9178,3,Good product,Smart Watch,12
9179,4,Nice all buy these watch battery backup is nice,Smart Watch,47
9180,3,"Nice product,light weight, delivery very fast thank you Flipkart",Smart Watch,64
9181,3,Thank u,Smart Watch,7
9182,5,Perfect one for the price under 2000 rupees,Smart Watch,43
9183,5,"Nice watch with good features and accuracy is at 90% though , not bad at this price. Premium looks",Smart Watch,98
9184,5,Nice buy. I have not checked blood pressure accuracy but heartbeat is accurate as oxymetar shows. Not bad at this price.,Smart Watch,120
9185,3,Automatically disconnecting from mobile app,Smart Watch,43
9186,5,Good but Dial Display is not so good and only 3 watch faces are available with watch,Smart Watch,84
9187,5,It's okay but battery back up only 5 days and face watch not suitable pre install and cloud so need to suitable face watch  I give only 3 star,Smart Watch,142
9188,4,Distance accuracy is bad..,Smart Watch,26
9189,5,Good Product Good features Budget Watch,Smart Watch,39
9190,5,Simply super,Smart Watch,12
9191,4,"At this price range, its a product which gives you the most necessary features and good battery life with nice accuracy.Mostly recommended!! Don't think too much just go for it😃❤👌👍👍",Smart Watch,181
9192,2,"Best in the market, Just go for it blindly ..!",Smart Watch,46
9193,3,boat progear app disconnecting frequently. Not showing any of the notification and watch face not synching. Very bad experience,Smart Watch,127
9194,3,"If you want to use it for activity tracking then please don't buy, it always gives wrong data and you can't use it for swimming. The pathetic one is the notification it always gives notification after I read out from my mobile and that too with the irritating vibration.",Smart Watch,270
9195,3,not fill to watch is brand,Smart Watch,26
9196,5,Nice product thanks you Flipkart,Smart Watch,32
9197,5,With low price this watch has no feature to upload wallpaper face which is the main feature of this watch Boat is cheating customers with low price.,Smart Watch,148
9198,5,Awesome Watch,Smart Watch,13
9199,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
9200,1,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
9201,3,Spo2 not accurate Heart rate is not accurate Blood pressure is a joke. Not up to mark with steps counting. It's a disaster. And now you reduce the price to 1999. It's not even worth 500.,Smart Watch,186
9202,2,Very nice watch🥳🥳,Smart Watch,17
9203,1,Best smartwatch.....❣️,Smart Watch,22
9204,2,I think in this price range it's good as smart watch. Tracking is not perfect but average. App should be update because it's need update as soon as possible. Screen resistance is so bad. It scratch whenever touched some where,Smart Watch,225
9205,5,Value for price,Smart Watch,15
9206,4,All most average products,Smart Watch,25
9207,5,"I'm writing genuine feedback after using this product for months, it's totally waste battery backup stands maximum 3 days ago some time touch not working properly I never expected this my worst product from reputed brand like boat. I wish no more buyers to get cheated in name of brand like this with false advertising.",Smart Watch,319
9208,1,Best on best,Smart Watch,12
9209,5,Great one..must go for it.,Smart Watch,26
9210,5,Nyc watch at this price 🤗🤗🤗 just love this watch ❤️,Smart Watch,51
9211,3,Very good and very less price.,Smart Watch,30
9212,5,The quality of material is low. Belt quality is very low. Also charging point at the back easily gets rust.. seems not if stainless steel. No much upgradation in Wallpaper's. Feature could be upgraded by company in software but lacks a bit. At this price range not value for money.,Smart Watch,281
9213,4,Very Very think you,Smart Watch,19
9214,1,Pairing problem,Smart Watch,15
9215,5,VERY NICE PRODUCT LOVED IT,Smart Watch,26
9216,5,"Worst watch ever, only 2 weeks worked, now its not changing. Registered complaint but no proper response.",Smart Watch,105
9217,4,Too good,Smart Watch,8
9218,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
9219,1,Good quality product.,Smart Watch,21
9220,5,Not worth,Smart Watch,9
9221,1,Not Worth to its price,Smart Watch,22
9222,5,Happy,Smart Watch,5
9223,1,Love it,Smart Watch,7
9224,5,V nice prodect,Smart Watch,14
9225,4,"🤩🤩 Worth of money, butiful product 👌👌👌",Smart Watch,38
9226,5,The product is too good.... value for money,Smart Watch,43
9227,2,"It's nice, but very small",Smart Watch,25
9228,3,Very bad,Smart Watch,8
9229,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
9230,5,Nice watch👌👌👌👌,Smart Watch,14
9231,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
9232,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
9233,5,Ok ok,Smart Watch,5
9234,4,Super prodect,Smart Watch,13
9235,2,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
9236,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
9237,4,I gifted to my niece he is very happy and using it...,Smart Watch,53
9238,5,Not calling features working properly,Smart Watch,37
9239,4,Very good,Smart Watch,9
9240,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
9241,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9242,5,Synchronisation with mobile is poor..,Smart Watch,37
9243,5,Good quality look is beautiful,Smart Watch,30
9244,5,Not good and Flipkart service don’t like weste product and aap,Smart Watch,62
9245,3,So i got this watch as being a trainer a fitness watch is quite essential and you need it i would want more watch faces to be added and main part you cant customise watch face that is a disadvantage i felt otherwise battery life and all i am impressed.,Smart Watch,252
9246,5,Awesomely awesome...,Smart Watch,20
9247,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
9248,5,Nice product..this range..,Smart Watch,26
9249,2,Bad product,Smart Watch,11
9250,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9251,1,Good battary backup,Smart Watch,19
9252,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9253,5,Fantastic product Can install call function,Smart Watch,43
9254,5,Wrost product ever,Smart Watch,18
9255,4,Average,Smart Watch,7
9256,1,It's too good but we want more features,Smart Watch,39
9257,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
9258,5,Good to track a health status .,Smart Watch,31
9259,5,Nice but Call Lift we were missing,Smart Watch,34
9260,4,To good,Smart Watch,7
9261,1,Ok product..,Smart Watch,12
9262,3,Waste of buying...💯😡,Smart Watch,20
9263,5,Best smart watch,Smart Watch,16
9264,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
9265,3,Descent product 👍,Smart Watch,17
9266,5,"Less than a month , the unit is faulty.. Doesn't record steps etc..I think Boat should Focus on Quality and not on Advertising with Stars..",Smart Watch,139
9267,3,Good watch at good price,Smart Watch,24
9268,4,Bad product just 1week working,Smart Watch,30
9269,1,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9270,5,Ok nice product,Smart Watch,15
9271,4,Its price worth it,Smart Watch,18
9272,4,"Very good branded watch, worth for rstr ,,,",Smart Watch,43
9273,1,Nice product 👍 Battery backup is great. Loved it.,Smart Watch,49
9274,4,Not worth for 2999... Compared other smart watch.,Smart Watch,49
9275,1,Price is high,Smart Watch,13
9276,1,Nice product battery backup superb,Smart Watch,34
9277,5,God 👍,Smart Watch,5
9278,5,Good one but wallpaper setting have issue,Smart Watch,41
9279,4,Good quality product,Smart Watch,20
9280,5,Nice product for beginners...,Smart Watch,29
9281,3,Not long bluetooth range Cheap battery backup,Smart Watch,45
9282,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
9283,5,Value for the money. Excellent,Smart Watch,30
9284,5,Nice 😊😌👍 super,Smart Watch,14
9285,4,Good and very nice,Smart Watch,18
9286,5,Nice whach,Smart Watch,10
9287,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
9288,2,Very good,Smart Watch,9
9289,4,Worst products i ever seen.. notification not working properly. Even i have tried all options.. always disconnected from mobile we have connect the watch time to time.. don't buy this product waste of money.,Smart Watch,207
9290,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
9291,4,Very Good product as per it's price,Smart Watch,35
9292,4,Nice wathch it is an warth of money...superb crazy look but not available customised wallpaper option,Smart Watch,101
9293,4,Nice watch ..fully paisa vasool,Smart Watch,31
9294,5,Best product,Smart Watch,12
9295,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
9296,1,More design,Smart Watch,11
9297,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
9298,4,Very nice😊😊😊,Smart Watch,12
9299,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
9300,4,Very good 👍,Smart Watch,11
9301,5,It's amazing,Smart Watch,12
9302,5,Excellent 👌😊,Smart Watch,12
9303,3,Nice 👍 product .... Battery 🔋 backup is so good... So totally loved it...,Smart Watch,73
9304,4,Good battery life,Smart Watch,17
9305,5,Very good I replaced my watch First I got a other product But now I am happy to got real product,Smart Watch,96
9306,5,Nice 👍🏻,Smart Watch,7
9307,5,Product is good but not best,Smart Watch,28
9308,5,Super classy and stylish,Smart Watch,24
9309,4,Average,Smart Watch,7
9310,3,Its not working after one week,Smart Watch,30
9311,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
9312,5,In price ok,Smart Watch,11
9313,5,Best of the price,Smart Watch,17
9314,3,Ok ok,Smart Watch,5
9315,5,"Battery is good ,",Smart Watch,17
9316,3,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9317,2,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9318,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9319,3,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9320,5,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9321,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9322,5,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9323,3,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9324,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9325,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9326,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9327,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9328,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9329,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9330,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9331,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9332,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9333,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9334,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9335,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9336,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9337,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9338,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9339,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9340,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9341,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9342,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9343,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9344,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9345,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9346,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9347,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9348,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9349,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9350,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9351,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9352,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9353,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9354,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9355,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9356,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9357,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9358,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9359,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9360,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9361,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9362,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9363,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9364,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9365,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9366,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9367,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9368,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9369,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9370,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9371,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9372,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9373,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9374,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9375,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9376,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9377,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9378,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9379,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9380,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9381,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9382,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9383,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9384,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9385,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9386,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9387,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9388,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9389,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9390,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9391,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9392,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9393,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9394,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9395,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9396,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9397,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9398,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9399,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9400,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9401,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9402,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9403,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9404,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9405,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9406,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9407,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9408,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9409,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9410,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9411,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9412,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9413,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9414,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9415,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9416,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9417,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9418,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9419,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9420,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9421,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9422,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9423,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9424,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9425,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9426,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9427,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9428,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9429,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9430,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9431,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9432,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9433,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9434,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9435,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9436,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9437,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9438,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9439,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9440,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9441,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9442,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9443,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9444,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9445,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9446,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9447,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9448,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9449,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9450,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9451,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9452,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9453,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9454,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9455,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9456,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9457,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9458,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9459,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9460,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9461,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9462,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9463,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9464,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9465,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9466,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9467,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9468,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9469,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9470,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9471,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9472,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9473,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9474,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9475,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9476,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9477,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9478,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9479,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9480,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9481,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9482,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9483,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9484,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9485,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9486,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9487,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9488,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9489,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9490,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9491,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9492,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9493,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9494,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9495,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9496,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9497,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9498,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9499,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9500,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9501,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9502,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9503,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9504,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9505,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9506,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9507,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9508,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9509,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9510,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9511,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9512,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9513,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9514,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9515,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9516,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9517,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9518,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9519,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9520,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9521,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9522,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9523,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9524,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9525,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9526,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9527,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9528,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9529,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9530,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9531,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9532,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9533,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9534,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9535,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9536,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9537,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9538,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9539,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9540,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9541,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9542,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9543,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9544,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9545,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9546,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9547,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9548,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9549,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9550,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9551,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9552,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9553,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9554,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9555,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9556,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9557,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9558,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9559,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9560,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9561,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9562,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9563,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9564,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9565,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9566,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9567,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9568,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9569,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9570,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9571,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9572,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9573,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9574,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9575,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9576,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9577,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9578,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9579,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9580,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9581,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9582,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9583,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9584,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9585,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9586,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9587,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9588,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9589,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9590,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9591,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9592,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9593,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9594,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9595,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9596,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9597,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9598,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9599,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9600,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9601,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9602,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9603,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9604,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9605,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9606,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9607,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9608,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9609,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9610,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9611,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9612,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9613,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9614,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9615,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9616,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9617,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9618,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9619,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9620,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9621,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9622,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9623,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9624,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9625,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9626,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9627,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9628,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9629,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9630,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9631,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9632,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9633,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9634,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9635,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9636,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9637,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9638,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9639,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9640,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9641,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9642,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9643,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9644,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9645,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9646,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9647,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9648,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9649,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9650,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9651,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9652,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9653,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9654,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9655,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9656,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9657,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9658,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9659,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9660,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9661,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9662,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9663,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9664,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9665,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9666,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9667,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9668,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9669,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9670,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9671,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9672,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9673,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9674,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9675,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9676,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9677,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9678,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9679,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9680,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9681,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9682,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9683,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9684,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9685,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9686,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9687,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9688,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9689,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9690,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9691,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9692,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9693,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9694,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9695,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9696,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9697,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9698,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9699,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9700,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9701,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9702,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9703,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9704,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9705,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9706,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9707,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9708,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9709,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9710,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9711,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9712,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9713,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9714,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9715,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9716,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9717,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9718,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9719,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9720,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9721,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9722,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9723,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9724,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9725,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9726,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9727,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9728,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9729,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9730,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9731,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9732,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9733,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9734,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9735,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9736,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9737,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9738,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9739,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9740,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9741,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9742,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9743,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9744,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9745,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9746,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9747,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9748,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9749,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9750,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9751,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9752,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9753,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9754,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9755,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9756,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9757,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9758,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9759,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9760,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9761,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9762,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9763,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9764,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9765,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9766,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9767,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9768,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9769,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9770,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9771,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9772,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9773,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9774,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9775,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9776,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9777,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9778,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9779,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9780,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9781,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9782,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9783,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9784,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9785,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9786,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9787,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9788,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9789,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9790,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9791,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9792,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9793,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9794,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9795,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9796,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9797,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9798,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9799,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9800,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9801,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9802,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9803,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9804,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9805,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9806,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9807,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9808,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9809,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9810,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9811,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9812,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9813,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9814,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9815,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9816,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9817,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9818,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9819,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9820,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9821,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9822,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9823,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9824,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9825,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9826,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9827,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9828,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9829,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9830,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9831,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9832,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9833,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9834,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9835,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9836,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9837,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9838,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9839,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9840,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9841,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9842,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9843,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9844,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9845,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9846,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9847,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9848,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9849,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9850,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9851,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9852,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9853,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9854,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9855,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9856,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9857,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9858,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9859,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9860,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9861,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9862,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9863,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9864,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9865,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9866,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9867,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9868,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9869,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9870,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9871,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9872,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9873,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9874,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9875,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9876,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9877,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9878,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9879,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9880,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9881,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9882,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9883,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9884,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9885,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9886,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9887,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9888,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9889,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9890,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9891,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9892,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9893,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9894,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9895,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9896,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9897,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9898,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9899,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9900,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9901,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9902,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9903,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9904,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9905,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9906,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9907,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9908,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9909,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9910,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9911,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9912,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9913,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9914,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9915,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9916,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9917,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9918,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9919,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9920,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9921,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9922,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9923,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9924,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9925,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9926,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9927,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9928,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9929,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9930,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9931,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9932,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9933,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9934,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9935,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9936,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9937,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9938,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9939,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9940,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9941,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9942,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9943,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9944,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9945,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9946,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9947,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9948,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9949,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9950,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9951,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9952,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9953,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9954,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9955,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9956,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9957,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9958,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9959,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9960,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9961,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9962,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9963,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9964,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9965,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9966,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9967,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9968,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9969,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9970,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9971,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9972,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9973,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9974,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9975,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9976,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9977,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9978,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9979,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9980,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9981,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9982,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9983,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9984,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9985,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9986,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9987,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9988,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9989,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9990,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9991,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9992,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9993,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9994,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
9995,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
9996,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
9997,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
9998,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
9999,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10000,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10001,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10002,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10003,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10004,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10005,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10006,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10007,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10008,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10009,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10010,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10011,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10012,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10013,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10014,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10015,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10016,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10017,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10018,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10019,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10020,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10021,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10022,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10023,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10024,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10025,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10026,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10027,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10028,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10029,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10030,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10031,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10032,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10033,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10034,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10035,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10036,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10037,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10038,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10039,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10040,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10041,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10042,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10043,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10044,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10045,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10046,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10047,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10048,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10049,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10050,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10051,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10052,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10053,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10054,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10055,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10056,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10057,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10058,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10059,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10060,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10061,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10062,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10063,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10064,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10065,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10066,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10067,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10068,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10069,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10070,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10071,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10072,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10073,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10074,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10075,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10076,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10077,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10078,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10079,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10080,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10081,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10082,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10083,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10084,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10085,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10086,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10087,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10088,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10089,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10090,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10091,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10092,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10093,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10094,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10095,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10096,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10097,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10098,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10099,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10100,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10101,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10102,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10103,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10104,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10105,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10106,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10107,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10108,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10109,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10110,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10111,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10112,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10113,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10114,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10115,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10116,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10117,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10118,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10119,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10120,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10121,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10122,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10123,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10124,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10125,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10126,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10127,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10128,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10129,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10130,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10131,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10132,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10133,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10134,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10135,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10136,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10137,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10138,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10139,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10140,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10141,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10142,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10143,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10144,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10145,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10146,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10147,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10148,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10149,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10150,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10151,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10152,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10153,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10154,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10155,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10156,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10157,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10158,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10159,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10160,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10161,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10162,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10163,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10164,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10165,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10166,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10167,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10168,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10169,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10170,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10171,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10172,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10173,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10174,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10175,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10176,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10177,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10178,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10179,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10180,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10181,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10182,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10183,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10184,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10185,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10186,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10187,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10188,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10189,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10190,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10191,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10192,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10193,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10194,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10195,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10196,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10197,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10198,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10199,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10200,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10201,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10202,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10203,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10204,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10205,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10206,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10207,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10208,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10209,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10210,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10211,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10212,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10213,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10214,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10215,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10216,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10217,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10218,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10219,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10220,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10221,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10222,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10223,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10224,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10225,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10226,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10227,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10228,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10229,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10230,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10231,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10232,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10233,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10234,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10235,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10236,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10237,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10238,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10239,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10240,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10241,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10242,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10243,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10244,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10245,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10246,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10247,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10248,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10249,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10250,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10251,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10252,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10253,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10254,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10255,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10256,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10257,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10258,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10259,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10260,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10261,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10262,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10263,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10264,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10265,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10266,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10267,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10268,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10269,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10270,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10271,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10272,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10273,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10274,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10275,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10276,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10277,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10278,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10279,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10280,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10281,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10282,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10283,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10284,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10285,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10286,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10287,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10288,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10289,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10290,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10291,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10292,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10293,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10294,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10295,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10296,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10297,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10298,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10299,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10300,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10301,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10302,4,Display screen is small,Smart Watch,23
10303,5,Not recommended,Smart Watch,15
10304,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10305,2,"Bluetooth connectivity problem frequently to connect to mobile Bluetooth, Step pqcount it's good and accurat",Smart Watch,108
10306,3,Super,Smart Watch,5
10307,4,Very bad product,Smart Watch,16
10308,5,Some times touch response is not quick and features like BP pulse also were not accurate. Battery packup is impressive 👏 and maintenance is easy.,Smart Watch,145
10309,1,Osm 😍😍,Smart Watch,6
10310,2,Good prouduct,Smart Watch,13
10311,3,It. Not support in tecno spark go mobile phone,Smart Watch,46
10312,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10313,5,I like in this watch,Smart Watch,20
10314,1,I'm not happy with the watch bcz every time its asking force to stop and uninstall and permission not granted,Smart Watch,109
10315,3,Good......,Smart Watch,10
10316,4,Its really vry nice🥰🥰😍😍,Smart Watch,23
10317,5,Waste of money time,Smart Watch,19
10318,3,Watch is looking good but I have bluetooth connection issues but return option is ended up😔,Smart Watch,91
10319,4,Cool,Smart Watch,4
10320,4,Need calling feature,Smart Watch,20
10321,2,real and original product of boat nice looking on hand.,Smart Watch,55
10322,4,Battery was long life not,Smart Watch,25
10323,5,Awesome 👌🏻👌🏻,Smart Watch,12
10324,1,Strap colour is little bit fade😒😒😒😔😔😔,Smart Watch,37
10325,3,I am not satisfied this product,Smart Watch,31
10326,5,"Date of first use -- 8th Oct 2021 Date of review -- 9th Nov 2021  Writing this review after one month of usage. The watch was fully charged 4 times (with no overcharging). On first and second charge, the watch went on for 8 days. On 3rd & 4th charging it stood for 7 days. The watch now drains so fast that within 5 mins of full charge, 30% battery got drained. After fully charging the watch at 10pm yesterday (8th Nov), the watch is now (8am on 9th Nov) fully drained and switched off (in just 1...",Smart Watch,500
10327,3,Overall good,Smart Watch,12
10328,5,great product,Smart Watch,13
10329,5,Not ok,Smart Watch,6
10330,5,Good features,Smart Watch,13
10331,3,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
10332,3,Product is really good,Smart Watch,22
10333,1,Really appreciate to this product.,Smart Watch,34
10334,4,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
10335,4,My son is satisfied,Smart Watch,19
10336,2,Good,Smart Watch,4
10337,3,Product is very poor,Smart Watch,20
10338,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10339,5,Very nice watch,Smart Watch,15
10340,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
10341,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
10342,5,Just 👌😲,Smart Watch,7
10343,5,Classy looks and good performance...worth money 💰,Smart Watch,49
10344,1,It's ok...,Smart Watch,10
10345,5,Not happy with screen size. Very narrow screen,Smart Watch,46
10346,2,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10347,5,"After 7 day's feedback , Suprb watch",Smart Watch,36
10348,5,Amazing👍 product,Smart Watch,16
10349,4,Osm watch ✌️ design quality is fine future are awesome tracking system perfect,Smart Watch,78
10350,5,Okay as per cost.,Smart Watch,17
10351,4,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
10352,2,"Absolute rubbish. The watch can even measure the Blood Pressure of pillow, toy anything! Completely fake Oxygen and BP monitoring system. Please do not buy. I feel cheated",Smart Watch,171
10353,5,Nice witch,Smart Watch,10
10354,5,Just ok,Smart Watch,7
10355,5,Ultimately good watch compared to other brands,Smart Watch,46
10356,5,Good👍 products and vary nice,Smart Watch,28
10357,5,Waste,Smart Watch,5
10358,5,Not good,Smart Watch,8
10359,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10360,5,Battery backup is very strong,Smart Watch,29
10361,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10362,5,Just oawwww,Smart Watch,11
10363,5,Thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,18
10364,1,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
10365,1,Good one but don't know how long it will work smoothly. The power botton is not working after 3 days of operation.,Smart Watch,114
10366,4,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
10367,5,Wow,Smart Watch,3
10368,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10369,5,It is really nice product. Loved it,Smart Watch,35
10370,5,Nice product...Long lastig.... Best Value for money,Smart Watch,51
10371,5,Simple and awesome and back up is good,Smart Watch,38
10372,3,Most of the sensors are not working. Poor in tracking sleep monitor. Bp monitor never worked. Not happy with this product.,Smart Watch,122
10373,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10374,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
10375,4,Nice watch 🥰,Smart Watch,12
10376,5,Awesome 👍,Smart Watch,9
10377,5,This watch is good but it didn't call function,Smart Watch,46
10378,5,Awesome 😎,Smart Watch,9
10379,3,Best watch',Smart Watch,11
10380,5,Best in the market..so many features...,Smart Watch,39
10381,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10382,5,Very good watch ⌚ value of money,Smart Watch,32
10383,5,Normal watch,Smart Watch,12
10384,4,I loved it.... ❤❤❤❤,Smart Watch,19
10385,5,Quality is the best,Smart Watch,19
10386,5,Wrost of money,Smart Watch,14
10387,5,Good product and best quality ...i love it,Smart Watch,42
10388,4,I love this product from boat...,Smart Watch,32
10389,5,Nice watch ⌚,Smart Watch,12
10390,3,Disconnecting so many times,Smart Watch,27
10391,3,It's good,Smart Watch,9
10392,5,Total waste of money 💰,Smart Watch,22
10393,2,Bad,Smart Watch,3
10394,5,Liked it,Smart Watch,8
10395,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10396,5,"Nice watch, build quality is awesome",Smart Watch,36
10397,1,great product money is not wasted,Smart Watch,33
10398,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10399,2,Value For Money,Smart Watch,15
10400,1,It's very basic model,Smart Watch,21
10401,4,Watch display or screen not working and not having on after charging.,Smart Watch,69
10402,5,Design osm but watch not work.,Smart Watch,30
10403,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10404,5,I really loved it fantastic watch,Smart Watch,33
10405,4,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
10406,4,This product bluetooth conacting problem don't no order this product bluetooth,Smart Watch,78
10407,3,Excellent watch connectivity superb,Smart Watch,35
10408,1,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
10409,1,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10410,4,Boat strome watch nice product,Smart Watch,30
10411,5,Very nice iteam to buy and price is also very good,Smart Watch,50
10412,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10413,1,Very bad,Smart Watch,8
10414,5,Its amazing,Smart Watch,11
10415,4,Waste of money...some technical issues are present.. return also not accepted.. don't buy,Smart Watch,89
10416,5,Vary worst product,Smart Watch,18
10417,4,Nice but watch face is small,Smart Watch,28
10418,5,I m so happy,Smart Watch,12
10419,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
10420,5,Love❤❤ it,Smart Watch,9
10421,4,Good for this rate,Smart Watch,18
10422,1,"Looking very nice, designed so good, but blood pressure, heart rate and SPO2 is not measure correct not accurate points",Smart Watch,119
10423,1,Superb,Smart Watch,6
10424,5,Nice in this price range,Smart Watch,24
10425,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
10426,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
10427,5,Love it's,Smart Watch,9
10428,4,Value for money..,Smart Watch,17
10429,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
10430,4,Good product with less price,Smart Watch,28
10431,5,Boat Watch is Fantastic....,Smart Watch,27
10432,5,Overall its good and having good battery life of 8 days minimum..,Smart Watch,65
10433,4,As expected quality product 5* * * * *,Smart Watch,38
10434,5,I like this watch,Smart Watch,17
10435,4,Too good❤,Smart Watch,9
10436,5,Soooo nice,Smart Watch,10
10437,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10438,5,Nice beautiful Tq,Smart Watch,17
10439,4,Worest,Smart Watch,6
10440,5,Smart watch is nice and good looking.,Smart Watch,37
10441,5,Everything is good but I have a a wallpaper problem with gallery,Smart Watch,64
10442,4,Call alert as well as face recognition not working properly,Smart Watch,59
10443,5,Good product 😍,Smart Watch,14
10444,4,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
10445,4,Products is good but Caneting system problm,Smart Watch,43
10446,1,As per cost it is better than other all and well performance,Smart Watch,60
10447,5,Amazing experience with the great watch.,Smart Watch,40
10448,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
10449,3,Nice but display is small..... Error in blood pressure monitoring.... But the other features are very good....,Smart Watch,110
10450,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10451,4,Superb Watch I loved it 😍😍😍,Smart Watch,27
10452,3,Osm....👍 good Product..... Velu for money.....,Smart Watch,46
10453,4,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
10454,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10455,5,Switch off every time not working very very bad product waste of money refund my money take your watch,Smart Watch,102
10456,5,Go for it👍,Smart Watch,10
10457,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10458,5,Nice product by Boat.,Smart Watch,21
10459,5,Required some more features.,Smart Watch,28
10460,5,The watch was to good and best value for money,Smart Watch,46
10461,4,Nice watch 😊,Smart Watch,12
10462,1,It took 28 days to deliver this product to me. Trust me this watch is not that worth,Smart Watch,84
10463,4,Its good.,Smart Watch,9
10464,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
10465,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10466,5,Worst product... i got it specially for running.. it shows wrong distance of running.. dont buy.. today i ran 5km.. nd its showing just 3.42.. dont buy guys..,Smart Watch,158
10467,4,💯Superb falue for Mani I love it boat we love you💯❣️,Smart Watch,52
10468,5,Great watch at a very suitable price,Smart Watch,36
10469,1,Blututh problem,Smart Watch,15
10470,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10471,5,Product have best quality which I expect,Smart Watch,40
10472,4,Awesome Product 👍,Smart Watch,17
10473,1,"Wow its very amazing , love wear it . Carrying stylist too",Smart Watch,58
10474,4,Wrost product,Smart Watch,13
10475,5,Loved,Smart Watch,5
10476,1,I don't like,Smart Watch,12
10477,5,Nyc,Smart Watch,3
10478,5,Bed product,Smart Watch,11
10479,5,Good but depending upon its uses...,Smart Watch,35
10480,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10481,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10482,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10483,2,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10484,5,Very Good Product,Smart Watch,17
10485,2,"Budget Watch…!!! Almost all the features works well , Bluetooth connectivity for calls is not that good but it’s wrong to expect so much from this budget friendly watch..!!",Smart Watch,172
10486,4,"Blood pressure monitor and SpO2 tracker are fake, Still not sure how could they measure blood pressure just by a single wrist watch, They seem like just marketing gimmicks, otherwise this is just a normal smartwatch with heart rate monitor and other usual features in same price segment. Screen is just too small with large bezels. Instead go for Boat's Flash edition smart watch.",Smart Watch,380
10487,5,Good worth value,Smart Watch,16
10488,3,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
10489,3,Nyc,Smart Watch,3
10490,5,The best in this price range.,Smart Watch,29
10491,5,The three stars are just for the battery life which is outstanding. One time full charging can cover upto a month. Most of the time it remains disconnected from the mobile without any reason. You need to check time and again whether it's connected or not. Overall just an okay product.,Smart Watch,285
10492,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10493,3,Good warking,Smart Watch,12
10494,5,Best products thnx flipcart,Smart Watch,27
10495,5,It's Awesome,Smart Watch,12
10496,5,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
10497,5,My son is so happy ok seeing this awesome product form boat with a very reasonable price,Smart Watch,88
10498,3,Average product,Smart Watch,15
10499,4,Good product in this price range,Smart Watch,32
10500,4,Niceee,Smart Watch,6
10501,5,Lovely 😍♥️,Smart Watch,10
10502,5,Bad Quality,Smart Watch,11
10503,5,Looks wise product is good and at this price it is highly recommended....🖐,Smart Watch,74
10504,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10505,4,Is not working now a days,Smart Watch,25
10506,4,Nice one.. looks Stylish .... Tracking activity is not satisfying ☹️,Smart Watch,68
10507,4,Good one,Smart Watch,8
10508,5,value for money,Smart Watch,15
10509,2,yea nice watch for both genders.... so simple..,Smart Watch,47
10510,3,Lovly product,Smart Watch,13
10511,4,Nice watch ☺️,Smart Watch,13
10512,1,"Nice Product Great Battery Backup almost 20 days.... Using from one month, Thank you Flipkart 🙏🙏🙏💐💐✌✌",Smart Watch,101
10513,4,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
10514,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10515,4,Nice Watch,Smart Watch,10
10516,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10517,4,Good for you health care,Smart Watch,24
10518,3,Superb,Smart Watch,6
10519,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
10520,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10521,4,Overall well,Smart Watch,12
10522,5,"Terrible Purchase  Features are good, as well as battery life. Wearing on hand doesn't feel much heavier, looks classy",Smart Watch,118
10523,5,"Boat strom smartwatch very nice products 🔥 And battery arounded 100% charged for 5-6 days battery runtime 🔥 and activity traker, oxizen level 100%, Blood preser 97% and Heart rate moniter 97% right",Smart Watch,197
10524,4,Watch is not working well ..not getting connected .not worth of the money spent,Smart Watch,79
10525,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10526,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
10527,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10528,5,Fabulous product.,Smart Watch,17
10529,4,Very Fast Delivery Actually I wanted to gift my wife she is very happy...Thank you Flipkart keep up the same👍,Smart Watch,109
10530,4,Bluetooth quality very low..please update app,Smart Watch,45
10531,1,This is so amazing,Smart Watch,18
10532,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10533,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
10534,3,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
10535,5,Super watch boat strom there is no call option in it is a fitness band but super accurate readings of BP and blood oxygen and heart rate super watch value of money,Smart Watch,163
10536,5,Very good product.Value for money.,Smart Watch,34
10537,3,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10538,5,Superb Quality,Smart Watch,14
10539,5,Okay,Smart Watch,4
10540,5,Smart watch,Smart Watch,11
10541,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
10542,5,Value of money ❤,Smart Watch,16
10543,5,Nice pic♥️,Smart Watch,10
10544,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10545,5,Good product I'm happy,Smart Watch,22
10546,4,Very good,Smart Watch,9
10547,5,Nice lukinhg,Smart Watch,12
10548,5,It's amazing good...............watch,Smart Watch,37
10549,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10550,5,Horrible product,Smart Watch,16
10551,5,Display size need to be bigger and more menstrual tracker should be in build. It is budget friendly watch. Buy without doubt!!,Smart Watch,126
10552,4,Boat is worst company totally disappointed 😡😡😡 cheap product amd usless product. It doesn't even charge,Smart Watch,103
10553,5,Nice watch in this price range Watch look amazing ( when screen is off😊),Smart Watch,72
10554,4,Very Good Quality,Smart Watch,17
10555,5,"Writing review after using for more than a month.  Pros: Look is good. Decent battery backup. Fast charging  Cons: I think tracking are not so accurate. Before this i was using mi band3 which had quite accurate sensors. There are many modes like running, walking etc but no workout mode which is disappointing for me atleast. The boat progear app is horrible. Sleep timing will show only in app but not in watch",Smart Watch,411
10556,3,Beautiful Product,Smart Watch,17
10557,1,Very nice battery backup,Smart Watch,24
10558,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10559,1,Very nice watch,Smart Watch,15
10560,4,So nice watch.... touch is so good... battery life is also long,Smart Watch,63
10561,3,Best product,Smart Watch,12
10562,3,Nic3,Smart Watch,4
10563,5,"Battery last only 3/4 days, not 10 days battery life as descripted here. Heart rate and BP reading is inaccurate and not reliable. Display and design is OK. After using it for 1 week, ot becomes slow. Watch is good but not a value for money product.",Smart Watch,249
10564,5,Value for money product awesome features,Smart Watch,40
10565,4,Amazingggg,Smart Watch,10
10566,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10567,5,"The battery drainage is very fast, showing incorrect and miscalculated information of Spo2, heart rate, blood pressure, the product is waste of money 😠😠😔",Smart Watch,153
10568,4,"Wow, so nice watch...",Smart Watch,21
10569,5,So far all good,Smart Watch,15
10570,2,nice product,Smart Watch,12
10571,5,"I like watch really it is to good, and nice product i used after 1 month every thing good",Smart Watch,89
10572,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10573,5,Nice product but it should also have a microphone and mini speaker too,Smart Watch,70
10574,1,Main Disadvantages: 1.Progear app compulsary needed to minimize. If we close the app connection will be disconnected. 2.Mazer problem is App again and again should be connect. 3.interface pics only3. 4.not bad just good. My option is noice pro 2 is super.,Smart Watch,255
10575,5,Blood Pressure not detecting properly,Smart Watch,37
10576,4,I satisfied with this product go for it guy's,Smart Watch,45
10577,5,Super watch,Smart Watch,11
10578,5,Satisfied,Smart Watch,9
10579,4,Notification not working,Smart Watch,24
10580,5,I request everyone to not buy this product After 21 days of use it's not charging at all and not even switching on Worst experience flipkart I will never shop in flipkart anymore,Smart Watch,178
10581,1,not good product and its not user-friendly,Smart Watch,42
10582,1,Super watch !!,Smart Watch,14
10583,5,Screen scratch easily... Not satisfied,Smart Watch,38
10584,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10585,5,Super product,Smart Watch,13
10586,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10587,1,Best watch,Smart Watch,10
10588,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10589,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10590,1,Very good very nice,Smart Watch,19
10591,5,Very nice and good choice,Smart Watch,25
10592,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
10593,5,Super watch and charging time super,Smart Watch,35
10594,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10595,5,This is value of money .Nice Product👍,Smart Watch,37
10596,5,Very good quality of watch.,Smart Watch,27
10597,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10598,5,"Waste of money, isn't working properly, wrong accuracy",Smart Watch,54
10599,3,This watch has bugs. Actually music control does not work properly.i replaced twice time but still got the same problem.,Smart Watch,120
10600,5,Bad quality pls not Oder in future display very low,Smart Watch,51
10601,5,Nice watch this value,Smart Watch,21
10602,4,touch screen was properly not working .it is slow . don't buy this product money waste,Smart Watch,86
10603,5,No custom face display. No stress level. Mostly feature missing..,Smart Watch,65
10604,3,100 good quality product,Smart Watch,24
10605,1,call notification - ok Time ok Health monitor ok Music control not ok Connectivity ok Battery - average,Smart Watch,103
10606,1,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10607,1,Very nice 🔥🔥 and sound quality opp 🔥🤩🤩,Smart Watch,38
10608,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
10609,1,It's gud product,Smart Watch,16
10610,1,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10611,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10612,2,Super......,Smart Watch,11
10613,5,Wonderful product,Smart Watch,17
10614,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10615,4,Every Thing is Good,Smart Watch,19
10616,4,Excellent ❤️,Smart Watch,12
10617,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10618,5,Good choice👌,Smart Watch,12
10619,5,So nice wich good,Smart Watch,17
10620,5,very nice,Smart Watch,9
10621,4,Superb colours,Smart Watch,14
10622,4,Superb and love it tis watch,Smart Watch,28
10623,5,Superb quality...like amezing 😍🥰,Smart Watch,32
10624,4,Nice Product ❤️...I like it...😍,Smart Watch,31
10625,4,Superb quality,Smart Watch,14
10626,5,"Very nice and delevery very fast Looking very nice, Fitting very nice",Smart Watch,69
10627,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10628,5,Wander full,Smart Watch,11
10629,5,Don't buy it's only a big screen 😅.I am not happy with this product.,Smart Watch,68
10630,5,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
10631,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
10632,5,Good very. Nice product 👍👍👍😊,Smart Watch,28
10633,5,Nice product🙂 5 Star - Battery backup 3 star - Display 4 star - Health monitor 5 Star - Build quality 4 star - belt quality Overall nice product,Smart Watch,144
10634,4,Best in class,Smart Watch,13
10635,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
10636,2,Very poor quality,Smart Watch,17
10637,1,Over all peformance is good,Smart Watch,27
10638,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10639,5,Super fantastic watch osm look Superrrr,Smart Watch,39
10640,5,This is very nice watch,Smart Watch,23
10641,4,Very good product 😡😡,Smart Watch,20
10642,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10643,1,Display need to full screen,Smart Watch,27
10644,5,Super but face change wallpaper setting problem,Smart Watch,47
10645,5,Bought for dad.. He loved it.. Thanx flipkart,Smart Watch,45
10646,5,Don't buy bad quality,Smart Watch,21
10647,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
10648,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10649,1,Display size is very sad 😜,Smart Watch,26
10650,5,Good Quality,Smart Watch,12
10651,4,Awsome watch ... 🤗🤗,Smart Watch,19
10652,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10653,2,Best wishes 😃😃,Smart Watch,14
10654,5,Very nice watch,Smart Watch,15
10655,5,Somehow is it good but display is small,Smart Watch,39
10656,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
10657,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10658,4,Very bad👎,Smart Watch,9
10659,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
10660,3,Not like expected,Smart Watch,17
10661,3,Very nice 👍,Smart Watch,11
10662,3,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10663,4,Don't look watch,Smart Watch,16
10664,5,Wrost product and waist of money Flipkart team is not supported,Smart Watch,63
10665,1,Vary bad vest of money,Smart Watch,22
10666,5,@Awesome,Smart Watch,8
10667,1,Diamond watch,Smart Watch,13
10668,5,Totally osm 🤟💪🤟,Smart Watch,15
10669,4,Super watch,Smart Watch,11
10670,5,"The product was good but we see a problem with accuracy in detecting blood pressure and heart beat, rest all the features(like step, distance tracking and blood oximeter) are very good.",Smart Watch,185
10671,1,"This watch is good, its battery and features are very good",Smart Watch,58
10672,1,Awesome Gadget.,Smart Watch,15
10673,4,Nice product .. lovely one gifted to me. . happy...,Smart Watch,51
10674,5,"Best product, value for money💰",Smart Watch,30
10675,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10676,5,Screen is before time scratched,Smart Watch,31
10677,5,it auto disconnected every time.,Smart Watch,32
10678,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10679,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10680,5,Smartwatch best but no insart photo wallpaper,Smart Watch,45
10681,5,All good but music control next button no working and need to click 2 3 times than it's effected on mobile. Take late response.,Smart Watch,127
10682,5,Exllant smart watch,Smart Watch,19
10683,3,Battery backup is very good,Smart Watch,27
10684,1,Amazing product loved it,Smart Watch,24
10685,4,Mast buy its to good,Smart Watch,20
10686,5,Its working good,Smart Watch,16
10687,3,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10688,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10689,5,"Nice product, recommended",Smart Watch,25
10690,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10691,4,Good one 🔥,Smart Watch,10
10692,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10693,5,good,Smart Watch,4
10694,5,Good for the price,Smart Watch,18
10695,5,Amazing 😎,Smart Watch,9
10696,5,Good product u can buy,Smart Watch,22
10697,5,Fabulous.... thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,31
10698,4,This worest don't buy,Smart Watch,21
10699,5,Don’t buy waste of money not working properly can’t return also if you buy ..so don’t buy this product,Smart Watch,102
10700,4,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
10701,4,Display size to short,Smart Watch,21
10702,5,Ook,Smart Watch,3
10703,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10704,4,Everything is okay but the major problem is that call alert is not showing everytime. When I bought it after Bind with watch I got a incoming call alert but from then Nothing is showing as incoming call notification.,Smart Watch,216
10705,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
10706,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10707,3,I Am Happy,Smart Watch,10
10708,1,The product was excellent,Smart Watch,25
10709,3,Dail is small and face wallpaper is not working through our phone But overall watch is good,Smart Watch,91
10710,5,Good watch...but after some time display not working properly. Battery good... 7 to 8 days battery working.,Smart Watch,107
10711,1,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10712,5,Nice product Worth for my price...,Smart Watch,34
10713,4,My life line,Smart Watch,12
10714,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
10715,5,I have been using this product for last 4 months so far no problems.,Smart Watch,68
10716,3,Got the watch from Flipkart and I must say it's super worthy of the money. I track my exercise routine in it and it works wonders. Really a great smartwatch,Smart Watch,156
10717,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
10718,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10719,5,As per price too good,Smart Watch,21
10720,5,Sensors is not working worst flipkart service,Smart Watch,45
10721,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
10722,4,It's was ok -ok watch.. don't purchase ..go for another brand.,Smart Watch,62
10723,5,Not showing call received button.. Am not happy,Smart Watch,47
10724,5,"All good but display is short..,🙂🙂",Smart Watch,34
10725,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10726,5,Ok watch spo2 and b. P is not accurate show,Smart Watch,43
10727,1,i love this watch,Smart Watch,17
10728,5,Look is not awesome,Smart Watch,19
10729,3,Awsome product,Smart Watch,14
10730,1,"Good one. Screen is some what small, but all features are good.nice",Smart Watch,67
10731,5,Bad product 😡😡,Smart Watch,14
10732,5,It's nice product.,Smart Watch,18
10733,1,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
10734,5,Nice watch overall,Smart Watch,18
10735,1,More than expected.Awesome product,Smart Watch,34
10736,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10737,4,function very low compare to other company,Smart Watch,42
10738,1,Nice product at this price range👌,Smart Watch,33
10739,5,Bad,Smart Watch,3
10740,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
10741,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
10742,5,Gud,Smart Watch,3
10743,4,I Love boAt,Smart Watch,11
10744,1,Display is small,Smart Watch,16
10745,5,The best productu forever After 1 month use I review this product The best things of the watch was the battery and the build quality was amazing in this price range Please go for it ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,186
10746,1,Good product. Value for money.,Smart Watch,30
10747,5,"Good product, I loved it",Smart Watch,24
10748,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10749,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10750,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10751,2,Super,Smart Watch,5
10752,5,Worst product,Smart Watch,13
10753,4,Simply super,Smart Watch,12
10754,4,Ok done,Smart Watch,7
10755,4,Very small Display only frame size bigger than screen,Smart Watch,53
10756,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10757,4,"Smart watch is awesome.. easy to operate.. value for money.. we can check saturation of o2, blood pressure, pulse, walk and it has a good quality",Smart Watch,145
10758,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
10759,2,It's look pretty 2 days buy,Smart Watch,27
10760,5,"Good one, worthy with respect to money",Smart Watch,38
10761,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10762,3,Great,Smart Watch,5
10763,4,Good.very nice product,Smart Watch,22
10764,5,Best product,Smart Watch,12
10765,4,Nice watch go for it,Smart Watch,20
10766,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10767,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
10768,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10769,4,Awesome in 1600,Smart Watch,15
10770,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
10771,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
10772,4,Good at this budget,Smart Watch,19
10773,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10774,5,Mobile connectivity is not good. Disconnect all the time.,Smart Watch,57
10775,5,"I love this watch, awesome product in budget price",Smart Watch,50
10776,5,Looking is best . Awesome dial log Isi use & dayli track best,Smart Watch,61
10777,4,Display size is not as expected.. overall its good for its cost,Smart Watch,63
10778,5,Flip cart facility not good,Smart Watch,27
10779,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10780,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10781,3,Nyc smartwatch 😍😍😍,Smart Watch,18
10782,5,Nice smartwatch,Smart Watch,15
10783,5,I like this smart watch,Smart Watch,23
10784,5,This product is super 🤑🤑,Smart Watch,24
10785,1,Beautiful,Smart Watch,9
10786,5,Very nice product good battery back up and all functioning are too good ..worth it for money,Smart Watch,92
10787,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10788,5,Verry good quality...verry good products..but ph call not receive...,Smart Watch,68
10789,5,Suitable but too mach Money on production of watch,Smart Watch,50
10790,5,Dont buy bcoz there is more discount on boat products guys. I think they r sellin some refurbished items. During sale i bought 2 items of boat. And nw im in trouble. Both items r nt working. Nw i hv registered complaint 4 warranty.🤦,Smart Watch,232
10791,4,Great product,Smart Watch,13
10792,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
10793,5,It's not working ..,Smart Watch,19
10794,4,Owsm,Smart Watch,4
10795,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10796,3,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
10797,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
10798,5,Overall good,Smart Watch,12
10799,5,Bloothoot connectvity not goood,Smart Watch,31
10800,1,It's a good product,Smart Watch,19
10801,4,Good quality of watch,Smart Watch,21
10802,5,Nice watch as expected 👍,Smart Watch,24
10803,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10804,4,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
10805,5,Love it,Smart Watch,7
10806,1,Nice Smart watch thanks for flipkart to provide in sale I am veri excited,Smart Watch,73
10807,4,Not good,Smart Watch,8
10808,4,Watch is amazing,Smart Watch,16
10809,4,Very good product photo is after 4 week usees,Smart Watch,45
10810,3,For this price range its ok...,Smart Watch,30
10811,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10812,5,I liked it,Smart Watch,10
10813,5,I buy on 26 July 21 watch battery backup is bad I charger to 100 and after 5 mins it come below 30,Smart Watch,98
10814,2,Good product with in this price,Smart Watch,31
10815,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
10816,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
10817,4,Value of money,Smart Watch,14
10818,4,Product good,Smart Watch,12
10819,4,Wonderful best in the market 👌,Smart Watch,30
10820,1,Everything is just ok not very precisely watch is working,Smart Watch,57
10821,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
10822,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10823,3,Very very nice product,Smart Watch,22
10824,5,Very beautiful 🤩😍😍 and valu for money and best features great delivery,Smart Watch,70
10825,4,Nice 👍 product 👌🏻,Smart Watch,17
10826,5,Best quality nad best price,Smart Watch,27
10827,4,Nice product ☺️👍...,Smart Watch,19
10828,4,It's good but some function are not working properly,Smart Watch,52
10829,5,In this range this Smartwatch is best of all of them works very good long last in battery backup nice display,Smart Watch,109
10830,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10831,5,Brand,Smart Watch,5
10832,5,Very nice products... I'm interested BoAt company Watch look so good,Smart Watch,68
10833,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
10834,5,Ultimate product 😍❤️🥀🔥🔥,Smart Watch,23
10835,3,It's worth it....amazing watch,Smart Watch,30
10836,5,This watch is best,Smart Watch,18
10837,5,Nice product 😌,Smart Watch,14
10838,5,OK not bad,Smart Watch,10
10839,2,Nice whatcha battery backup 9 days minimum,Smart Watch,42
10840,5,It is very nice and awesome because 10days battery life and activity tracking and all features that should be in a smart watch all right,Smart Watch,136
10841,4,Reviewing after 1 month of usage Battery life is more than 15 days Features are gud I got this product for 1599 on big billion days So I'm satisfied with the product,Smart Watch,165
10842,5,Im so happy buying this watch,Smart Watch,29
10843,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10844,3,Worst,Smart Watch,5
10845,3,Good product..tqs for safe delivery,Smart Watch,35
10846,4,Good coluty thank you for halpppp,Smart Watch,33
10847,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10848,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
10849,5,Love the product amazing features super cool design,Smart Watch,51
10850,3,Best watch in a prize .. battery is so good..,Smart Watch,45
10851,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
10852,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
10853,5,Nic3,Smart Watch,4
10854,5,Loved it,Smart Watch,8
10855,5,Just awesome ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,17
10856,5,Good at all But I am having display problem,Smart Watch,43
10857,5,Okay,Smart Watch,4
10858,5,No point in buying this.. Waste of money.. Keeps disconnecting and that pro gear is another bakwas,Smart Watch,98
10859,4,Good smart watche,Smart Watch,17
10860,4,Great,Smart Watch,5
10861,5,Connectivity is very bad,Smart Watch,24
10862,5,Osoum product,Smart Watch,13
10863,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10864,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
10865,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
10866,5,Great for money 💰,Smart Watch,17
10867,5,U can do a bit more big screen but also good one,Smart Watch,48
10868,1,Nice watch' loved and satisfied with dis product,Smart Watch,48
10869,5,Watch is good and worth so thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,45
10870,5,This product is good .,Smart Watch,22
10871,4,Good quite,Smart Watch,10
10872,4,Bluetooth connecting is very bad Many times Disconnect,Smart Watch,54
10873,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
10874,3,Good but calling Facilities not available.,Smart Watch,42
10875,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
10876,4,Best watch,Smart Watch,10
10877,3,Super ❤️,Smart Watch,8
10878,4,Good product 👌,Smart Watch,14
10879,1,1)Display not good 2)Calls receiving time not showing names 3)face display not active,Smart Watch,85
10880,5,Brand aahe wacth,Smart Watch,16
10881,3,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10882,3,Very good watch,Smart Watch,15
10883,5,Should write about phone calling facilities that we can't receive only we can decline that can help buyer more focal,Smart Watch,116
10884,5,Overall good.. I'm happy with the product... Design and performance awesome,Smart Watch,75
10885,5,"Just gifting purpose, honestly I don’t believe in smart devices.",Smart Watch,64
10886,3,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10887,2,Good,Smart Watch,4
10888,5,It's good 👍,Smart Watch,11
10889,5,It delivered to me just like it described,Smart Watch,41
10890,1,superb,Smart Watch,6
10891,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
10892,5,Old model ...very basic...get a good one instead.,Smart Watch,49
10893,5,Best watch at this price range.,Smart Watch,31
10894,5,This watch is very amazing,Smart Watch,26
10895,3,Very nice looking watch,Smart Watch,23
10896,5,Fantastic,Smart Watch,9
10897,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
10898,4,This is Awsome,Smart Watch,14
10899,2,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
10900,5,It's nice.. best fit in price,Smart Watch,29
10901,5,Simply Superb. Easy to set,Smart Watch,26
10902,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10903,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
10904,4,"Waste of money low quality, no retun and at least replacement totaly waste waste product no one can buy this plz",Smart Watch,112
10905,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
10906,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10907,4,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10908,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10909,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10910,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10911,1,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10912,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10913,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10914,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10915,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10916,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10917,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10918,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10919,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10920,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10921,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10922,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10923,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10924,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10925,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10926,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10927,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10928,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10929,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10930,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10931,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10932,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10933,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10934,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10935,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10936,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10937,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10938,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10939,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10940,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10941,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10942,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10943,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10944,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10945,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10946,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10947,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10948,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10949,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10950,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10951,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10952,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10953,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10954,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10955,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10956,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10957,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10958,5,Awsome Nice,Smart Watch,11
10959,5,Nice 👌,Smart Watch,6
10960,5,after one moth power button not workin😡😡😡,Smart Watch,41
10961,5,It's awesome...go for it guys,Smart Watch,29
10962,5,wrong product,Smart Watch,13
10963,5,"Not upto the mark, look is not good",Smart Watch,35
10964,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
10965,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
10966,5,Application not sapot call fusion not active,Smart Watch,44
10967,1,Nice product ♥️,Smart Watch,15
10968,5,Worth for money,Smart Watch,15
10969,1,Good product very nice,Smart Watch,22
10970,1,Vvvv good,Smart Watch,9
10971,5,Really so nice go for it,Smart Watch,24
10972,5,Classic,Smart Watch,7
10973,1,The product is good but less feature,Smart Watch,36
10974,5,Watch is awesome but there is one problem only some improvement need in batery backup on full brightness it took lots of battery. But it's a very good smartwatch.,Smart Watch,162
10975,5,Nice mind blowing,Smart Watch,17
10976,5,Amazing and looks good,Smart Watch,22
10977,5,",Very nice watch",Smart Watch,16
10978,5,Very nice 👌,Smart Watch,11
10979,4,Awesome watch,Smart Watch,13
10980,4,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
10981,4,"This is my first Smart Watch ..... Amazing experience Superb battery life (14-16days ) , Classic Display , Heart Rate, Blood Pressure , SPO2 accuracy. Go for it 👍🏻👍🏻",Smart Watch,165
10982,3,Awesome ❤️👍💯,Smart Watch,12
10983,5,It's a very beautiful watch.. I love it ♥️😍,Smart Watch,43
10984,5,What a amazing product 😍👍🙌,Smart Watch,26
10985,5,Soo good loved it ❤️,Smart Watch,20
10986,5,👍🤝🤝 Good Product.,Smart Watch,17
10987,5,Super watch in market,Smart Watch,21
10988,5,Original product,Smart Watch,16
10989,5,"Review after 1 month of use, its a nice watch cum band. Wake up response is awesome, weightless, easy wear... Some cons:- not getting long connection with mobile, frequently need to connect with mob, then only we will get the notifications",Smart Watch,239
10990,4,Bluetooth connectivity always disconnected and belt is also low quality.,Smart Watch,72
10991,5,Battery is awsm,Smart Watch,15
10992,5,Quality good,Smart Watch,12
10993,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
10994,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
10995,1,Super I am loving it.... Thanks filpcart,Smart Watch,40
10996,5,Nice product at this price range.,Smart Watch,33
10997,1,Goood,Smart Watch,5
10998,5,Battery life is awesome!!!,Smart Watch,26
10999,5,Is the best,Smart Watch,11
11000,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
11001,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11002,5,Good looking,Smart Watch,12
11003,5,Very Good Product undoubtedly... Those who want to buy go for it...,Smart Watch,67
11004,5,Avg,Smart Watch,3
11005,5,Really good smart watch,Smart Watch,23
11006,5,Good to go,Smart Watch,10
11007,5,It looks Good. since I am using any Health Smartwatch for the first time. I am reading and understanding its Functions and Usages. I'll Review after using it for at least one month. thanks,Smart Watch,188
11008,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11009,5,Good produced,Smart Watch,13
11010,5,Super product Buttery life is s gud,Smart Watch,35
11011,2,It's Nice,Smart Watch,9
11012,5,If comparing this price. It's ok for the quality..,Smart Watch,50
11013,5,Nyc product...,Smart Watch,14
11014,3,Nice quality 👍,Smart Watch,14
11015,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11016,5,Its good and product,Smart Watch,20
11017,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11018,4,Looking awesome,Smart Watch,15
11019,4,Boat always special family for me #boat,Smart Watch,39
11020,5,Very nice and contactable i really liked this watch...value if money🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯,Smart Watch,76
11021,5,Very baid watch no feature,Smart Watch,26
11022,5,I love it 🙈😋😍tq flipkrt,Smart Watch,23
11023,5,I think at that price it's better than Noise colorfit pro 2 So go with this one don't think much 😉😉,Smart Watch,99
11024,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11025,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
11026,5,Nyc Wach on this budget.,Smart Watch,24
11027,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11028,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11029,5,"There is no BP, oxygen, heart rate clarity shown in the product.",Smart Watch,64
11030,5,Too good,Smart Watch,8
11031,5,Very nice boat watch,Smart Watch,20
11032,5,Review after 15 Days.. Great Experience..... Love this 😘😘😘😘😘,Smart Watch,60
11033,4,I loved it. Delivery boy was kind. Good storm❤️😍😍 Delivered soon before the date itself.....,Smart Watch,92
11034,4,no features to receive calls. this is OK OK product,Smart Watch,51
11035,5,Very good product 😍🤞I am so happy ☺️ # trending watch 😍🤞,Smart Watch,56
11036,2,Price watch good,Smart Watch,16
11037,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11038,5,Best quality and best experience,Smart Watch,32
11039,5,I really loved it,Smart Watch,17
11040,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11041,3,My nice watch,Smart Watch,13
11042,5,"It doesn't wake up easily,i should have bought Noise",Smart Watch,52
11043,3,Its working good as of now...and satisfactory in ds price range,Smart Watch,63
11044,3,It's very worst product custom dial not working and customer care number not working,Smart Watch,84
11045,4,Superb quality 👍👍👍,Smart Watch,18
11046,5,Everything think is okk but not options for call receive 📲📲📲,Smart Watch,60
11047,4,Just say wow... 💟,Smart Watch,17
11048,5,Watch is osm and quality is also v good not any problems.. quality is osm ..,Smart Watch,76
11049,2,Good,Smart Watch,4
11050,4,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11051,1,"Very good product but heart rate tracker, o2 tracker sometimes doesn't meet it's general standard",Smart Watch,97
11052,5,Nice and amazing watch,Smart Watch,22
11053,3,Very nice watch I love the boat ⌚,Smart Watch,33
11054,5,Boat band worst mobile not connected In watch waste of money I hate this watch don't purchase this watch friends waste of money,Smart Watch,127
11055,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
11056,3,It's almost fine,Smart Watch,16
11057,5,"I am writing this review after 10 days usage. I got this watch at Rs. 1999. Good battery backup, watch is good quality and looking good when it is wearing, but dial display of this watch is very small and the watch faces are not good compared to other brand smart watches. There is no option to customise watch faces as they told in the product details. Supported boat progear application is utterly waste.",Smart Watch,406
11058,5,Not good,Smart Watch,8
11059,5,Aswam product,Smart Watch,13
11060,5,Value for money..awsm..thnx flipkart,Smart Watch,36
11061,1,nice product,Smart Watch,12
11062,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
11063,3,Nice 😊😊,Smart Watch,7
11064,2,Awesome watch,Smart Watch,13
11065,1,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
11066,5,Good 👍 quality product,Smart Watch,22
11067,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11068,5,"Happy with the storm watch, best in class.",Smart Watch,42
11069,5,Not good,Smart Watch,8
11070,5,Good product for current health requirement,Smart Watch,43
11071,5,"1inch screen only  Heart beat and blood pressure, not accurate",Smart Watch,62
11072,5,Nice purchase,Smart Watch,13
11073,5,Okay okay product,Smart Watch,17
11074,4,It's super,Smart Watch,10
11075,4,"Good product,",Smart Watch,13
11076,1,"Superb good product , thq flipkart",Smart Watch,34
11077,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11078,3,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11079,4,Nice watch.....,Smart Watch,15
11080,3,nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11081,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11082,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
11083,5,Good choice,Smart Watch,11
11084,5,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
11085,4,Happy 😍 Best watch in this price Best value for money Comfortable size 😎,Smart Watch,72
11086,5,Super smart watch,Smart Watch,17
11087,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11088,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11089,4,Call alert not working,Smart Watch,22
11090,4,Too good .. just love it,Smart Watch,24
11091,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11092,5,Áwsome Product .,Smart Watch,16
11093,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11094,4,Watch not connect to handset👎,Smart Watch,29
11095,5,Good working,Smart Watch,12
11096,1,Useless product it better to take a fitness band then waste of money if someone is going to take this product I will only recommend u to go for other one it is waste of money,Smart Watch,174
11097,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11098,5,V.vgood,Smart Watch,7
11099,5,Fantastic,Smart Watch,9
11100,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11101,2,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11102,4,Good product in this price ☺️ 🥰,Smart Watch,31
11103,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
11104,5,"This watch is not turning on ,I used only 1month and this watch was not working don't buy it",Smart Watch,92
11105,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
11106,4,Coustmize walpaper not setting,Smart Watch,30
11107,4,Superb product really value for money,Smart Watch,37
11108,4,Nice product👌❤️,Smart Watch,15
11109,4,Good Quality 👍,Smart Watch,14
11110,5,I'm very lucky to say that I got a diamond product to my daily life💙. Awesome Product Purchased By Boat.,Smart Watch,104
11111,1,I am so happy,Smart Watch,13
11112,5,TERRIFIC PURCHASE 🖤,Smart Watch,19
11113,2,So nice 🥰,Smart Watch,9
11114,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
11115,4,Awesome and Nice design and Good product 👍 thanks u flipkart,Smart Watch,60
11116,4,Heath tracker dont work accurate,Smart Watch,32
11117,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
11118,5,Its a awesome product Make my day happyy Its very good design,Smart Watch,61
11119,5,Love this product ❤️,Smart Watch,20
11120,4,Product not good and flipkart also not good,Smart Watch,43
11121,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11122,5,Nice but activity not done,Smart Watch,26
11123,2,Good,Smart Watch,4
11124,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
11125,5,Super and awesome 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,21
11126,5,First initial time it is good but after 15 days battery backup poor don't buy this Flipkart is cheating kart,Smart Watch,108
11127,1,Beautiful watch I am very excited 🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,37
11128,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
11129,4,Terrific 1 st delivery item defective but 2 nd replacement item is very very good Battery backup 10 days in full use Built quality very good Display is so good 😍 Thanks flipkart 👍,Smart Watch,179
11130,5,I have received best product. It's look very decent. It's worth... Thank you 😊,Smart Watch,78
11131,5,Too good!,Smart Watch,9
11132,5,Super looking watch Good,Smart Watch,24
11133,1,Super,Smart Watch,5
11134,5,Average product,Smart Watch,15
11135,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11136,5,"Nice product, value for money",Smart Watch,29
11137,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
11138,5,Nice product in this range,Smart Watch,26
11139,4,Very elegant looking smart watch must buy,Smart Watch,41
11140,3,Call alert feature is not working properly.music control can't change the song only u can stop / play the song.Dont buy this watch waste of money.,Smart Watch,146
11141,3,Quality For The Price,Smart Watch,21
11142,5,Boat good product nice,Smart Watch,22
11143,5,"It,s really good",Smart Watch,16
11144,5,Value for money happy with the product,Smart Watch,38
11145,5,Too good super in style and look,Smart Watch,32
11146,5,Nice watch. Looks good 👍,Smart Watch,24
11147,2,Awesome watch my money seller not good late delivery,Smart Watch,52
11148,3,Best product,Smart Watch,12
11149,5,Battery charging very bad only one day,Smart Watch,38
11150,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11151,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11152,5,Very nice watch,Smart Watch,15
11153,4,Very good watch,Smart Watch,15
11154,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11155,5,Very bad experience it's sensor is not working properly and there is no option regarding customised wallpaper 😥. I don't like it.😡😡,Smart Watch,131
11156,3,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
11157,5,value of money,Smart Watch,14
11158,5,Nice product on this price ✌,Smart Watch,28
11159,5,We need to sync with the phone 50 times a day😡😡😡 don't buy,Smart Watch,58
11160,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11161,5,I ordered my watch around 10 month ago they everything goes well for 6 month after that its pedometer stop functioning when I replaced it they send my new watch after 10 days and in that watch battery was not able to give backup for even 1 day then I again replaced it. Its been 15 days Neither they conveyed any message nor delivered my watch for one month I dont have watch just because of there service..     Worst service worst management,Smart Watch,442
11162,1,Best choice,Smart Watch,11
11163,5,My Sister Liked That Watch,Smart Watch,26
11164,5,Nice Product.. Valueable price. All faction easy and use also easy...,Smart Watch,69
11165,3,osm quality,Smart Watch,11
11166,1,Decent product and my nephew is very happy ☺️☺️☺️,Smart Watch,49
11167,5,Add Goole map and other options,Smart Watch,31
11168,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
11169,2,health trackers are not working perfectly. I checked my BP in the watch it showed 119/74 but in the BP machine it shows 138/85. Heat beat as 95 in the watch and in the machine it is 85. Display also not up to the mark.,Smart Watch,218
11170,5,Superb product..,Smart Watch,16
11171,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11172,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11173,4,Lovely,Smart Watch,6
11174,5,Not good the smart watch look is not good I am not better feel for this product,Smart Watch,79
11175,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11176,2,Bluetooth connection is not working Disappointed,Smart Watch,48
11177,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
11178,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11179,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
11180,4,Super nice,Smart Watch,10
11181,2,Alerts and notifications not working,Smart Watch,36
11182,5,Very bad producation,Smart Watch,20
11183,2,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11184,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11185,4,Nice product by boat ... Thnkuu flipkart,Smart Watch,40
11186,4,Wrost connection.,Smart Watch,17
11187,5,Don't buy this watch it's waste of money e you can buy this court in check this forth go to the Vijay sale and see this watch in trial this watch I really upset to buy this watch is not proper working first of this wallpaper option is not showing any watch thank you,Smart Watch,266
11188,1,Nice product wow,Smart Watch,16
11189,1,Good performance watch,Smart Watch,22
11190,5,all gud but screen is so tiny in look on mascular hand,Smart Watch,54
11191,4,It is one of best smartwatch in this range.,Smart Watch,43
11192,4,I purchased for get to know call but this function is not working properly and I updated app and synchronize app but still same issue.  I didn't like this watch.  Nothing special in this watch and rates is high.,Smart Watch,211
11193,1,I'm posting this review after a week of purchase. The actual display is too small. Much less in size than specified. Just only 2.4cm. The features are good and measurements are acurate. Light weight and comfortable to wear. Love it though. Worth the penny spent. If you are looking for stylish product I dont recomend this becose it's just a classy product.,Smart Watch,357
11194,1,Super,Smart Watch,5
11195,4,"Awesome product, health acuressy not satisfied",Smart Watch,46
11196,5,Vare good,Smart Watch,9
11197,4,Very nice products,Smart Watch,18
11198,5,Quality issue,Smart Watch,13
11199,2,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11200,3,"The watch is very good and no problem to bye this the notifications and call indication are good.activity tracking is also good but not accurate,  Value for money so go for it",Smart Watch,175
11201,5,Thanks filipcard Good product,Smart Watch,29
11202,4,Very bad not working condition,Smart Watch,30
11203,3,All is good but every 10 to 15 minutes disconnected watch.,Smart Watch,58
11204,5,Watch not power oning after 1 week I am crying inside,Smart Watch,53
11205,2,I love this watch.. Super cute,Smart Watch,30
11206,5,Nice 🙂🙂,Smart Watch,7
11207,5,Some time Bluetooth automatically disconnected,Smart Watch,46
11208,5,Good work🤜😘,Smart Watch,11
11209,5,Look is owsme and battery backup is also good i this price it is very good i love it.,Smart Watch,85
11210,5,Bad worst flipkart,Smart Watch,18
11211,1,Awesome 👌,Smart Watch,9
11212,5,Good product 😍😍,Smart Watch,15
11213,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11214,2,"Not Working ,worst experience from customer care also",Smart Watch,53
11215,5,Thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,18
11216,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11217,1,Good boat smart wach,Smart Watch,20
11218,5,Amazing ❤,Smart Watch,9
11219,5,"Good product, Paisa wasool",Smart Watch,26
11220,4,Awesome Watch!!! Totally worth it.👌👌👌,Smart Watch,37
11221,1,Great,Smart Watch,5
11222,5,Battery issue and not proper charge,Smart Watch,35
11223,4,Good product ❤️,Smart Watch,15
11224,4,So Nice watch',Smart Watch,14
11225,5,Quality is awesome,Smart Watch,18
11226,5,Good looking 😍😍 Value for money 😊✌️✌️✌️ Thankyou flipkart 🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,61
11227,4,It's Best Smartwatch Ever I bought In my life. If ur Thinking to buy the Smart watch this is the best...,Smart Watch,104
11228,5,Wonderful look best bettry backup,Smart Watch,33
11229,1,Best SMART WATCH...under 2k,Smart Watch,27
11230,5,Great watch,Smart Watch,11
11231,5,"I baught this watch for my sister, nice watch, she is very happy😊",Smart Watch,65
11232,5,So cool,Smart Watch,7
11233,5,Super 😍,Smart Watch,7
11234,5,Worst watch money waste no accurrey worst experience with boat,Smart Watch,62
11235,4,Its looking very good only battery backup time is low but on this price its very good cheap and best for middle class people,Smart Watch,124
11236,5,Very nice product ...thanq flipkart..,Smart Watch,37
11237,5,Watch stopped working in 10 days. Now I am running from one door to another for repairs. Worst watch. Storm in pocket.,Smart Watch,118
11238,5,Fabulous,Smart Watch,8
11239,5,👌👌very nice good practice 👌👌,Smart Watch,28
11240,4,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
11241,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11242,4,Good battery backup and good product.,Smart Watch,37
11243,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
11244,1,Nice product value of money 💰 And nice tracking and good design ❤️🔥,Smart Watch,67
11245,5,"Good one, nice looks",Smart Watch,20
11246,5,Must buy😊,Smart Watch,9
11247,5,Nice watch..,Smart Watch,12
11248,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11249,5,Very good serv,Smart Watch,14
11250,5,Osmm looking and everything,Smart Watch,27
11251,5,"Good at this price , Looking too nice , just go for it But customized wallpapers not working in boat pro gear app why? expect this watch is awesome",Smart Watch,147
11252,5,"Touch is slow, small screen, not having much features. Boot touch button not working properly",Smart Watch,93
11253,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11254,4,Ok,Smart Watch,2
11255,5,Activity tracking not upto the Mark. Sometimes it's working sometimes it's not working,Smart Watch,86
11256,5,"Worst experience, bluetooth connectivity is very poor, mobile auto disconnected.",Smart Watch,80
11257,5,Display Is too Small,Smart Watch,20
11258,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11259,1,Watch is good thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,32
11260,5,Product sencer is Not Working fast time,Smart Watch,39
11261,4,Awesome watch black k,Smart Watch,21
11262,5,Love it ❤️,Smart Watch,10
11263,1,Nice watch in this price,Smart Watch,24
11264,1,Overall good performance and Design of watch can be improved.and we cannot setup our desired wallpaper in the watch.,Smart Watch,116
11265,4,Ok Average,Smart Watch,10
11266,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11267,3,It's a excellent gadgets,Smart Watch,24
11268,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11269,5,Nice product..good quality Useful..,Smart Watch,35
11270,3,Fabulous...👍🏻👍🏻 Value For Money,Smart Watch,31
11271,4,Dial is totally small as compared in pic from top & bottom it is reduce to 40% i think only visible screen is 60% rest dummy. Beware if u want full screen dial. Thank you,Smart Watch,170
11272,2,Oky oky,Smart Watch,7
11273,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11274,5,Not perfect Blood pressure magar,Smart Watch,32
11275,5,And i love this product 😊,Smart Watch,25
11276,5,Nyc,Smart Watch,3
11277,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11278,3,nice quality....,Smart Watch,16
11279,3,"Bluetooth connectivity is too bad , when the watch move more than 1 meter from phone it will disconnected , so want to connect again and again , Other all ok battery and watch design and also light weight ,easy to wear . only while the bluetooth connecting time and connectivity is the main problem",Smart Watch,298
11280,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11281,3,Awesome watch in the price range,Smart Watch,32
11282,5,"Awesome. Must have product. Got in good deal in bbd. Pretty accurate. Love this. It's my first smartwatch. I used to wear classic fossil, titan, Timex , ucb watches. But now I love it for daily wearable purpose",Smart Watch,210
11283,5,Good product...👍,Smart Watch,16
11284,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11285,5,"Display size is little bit small than others smart watches,, but l'm satisfied with this product..battery backup is good",Smart Watch,120
11286,4,Problem with custom watch face,Smart Watch,30
11287,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11288,5,Everything is perfect except wake gesture. It takes hell lot of time.,Smart Watch,69
11289,5,Nyc watch...,Smart Watch,12
11290,4,This is Ok,Smart Watch,10
11291,5,I am happy. Good product,Smart Watch,24
11292,5,Very nice 🙂🙂,Smart Watch,12
11293,1,Very good products👍👍,Smart Watch,20
11294,4,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
11295,4,I m giving 2 pictures....a 14year old girl's hand ....and 21 year's old women hand..,Smart Watch,84
11296,5,Battery worst,Smart Watch,13
11297,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
11298,4,Very decent smart watch at this price range in Big Billion and Diwali Sales.,Smart Watch,76
11299,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11300,4,Awesome watch,Smart Watch,13
11301,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11302,4,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
11303,2,Watch is touch problem,Smart Watch,22
11304,5,Quality Excellent.,Smart Watch,18
11305,5,Excellent stylish watch it's value for money.,Smart Watch,45
11306,1,It was automatically off lots of issues don't buy this product,Smart Watch,62
11307,4,Thanks flipkart. it's nice,Smart Watch,26
11308,5,It's superb 😍,Smart Watch,13
11309,5,Watch is not turning on Watch is not working Bad Quality,Smart Watch,56
11310,3,Good looking watch,Smart Watch,18
11311,5,My watch is switched off after 8 days. Now I am not able to switch on my watch. It is waste of money. Don't buy it.,Smart Watch,115
11312,5,Very good quality,Smart Watch,17
11313,1,I don't like it's touch...it's touch is not good...m very disappointed with this smart watch😔😔,Smart Watch,94
11314,5,Just love it Product is very good It works nice,Smart Watch,47
11315,5,Realy worth of me money. Battery life is very good along with activity trackers.Total worth of amount. Thank you flipkart.,Smart Watch,122
11316,1,Display sensitivity timing slow.,Smart Watch,32
11317,5,Very nice watch. Thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,32
11318,5,Full use of money,Smart Watch,17
11319,5,Beautiful,Smart Watch,9
11320,1,Value For money,Smart Watch,15
11321,5,Good tq flipkart,Smart Watch,16
11322,5,Super op watch,Smart Watch,14
11323,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11324,5,Nyc product,Smart Watch,11
11325,5,Good for daily uses,Smart Watch,19
11326,5,Awesome product ✌️,Smart Watch,18
11327,3,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11328,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11329,5,Super 👌,Smart Watch,7
11330,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11331,5,Good product . Value for the money 💰,Smart Watch,36
11332,5,Very nice product just go for it i have bought two watches,Smart Watch,58
11333,5,Good but features are less Need to add some more features,Smart Watch,57
11334,5,Good quality. Amazing product.,Smart Watch,30
11335,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11336,5,Very good at this price. Juat seeking some more watch faces by boat for the watch,Smart Watch,81
11337,5,Battery capacity is very low. Almost 5 days only.,Smart Watch,49
11338,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11339,5,Thanks Flipkart for such discounted price.,Smart Watch,42
11340,3,This smart watch is very beautiful but its display is a little small but it will go at such a low price,Smart Watch,103
11341,5,Notification issue ....,Smart Watch,23
11342,5,Decent product. Just don't expect too much at this price point.,Smart Watch,63
11343,5,Watch look beautiful .great product .thankyou boat & flipkart.good deal.❤️❤️❤️💖,Smart Watch,79
11344,3,"Got it for 1700 so overall it's value for money. •Number of watch faces are too less and most of the faces present are useless. •Battery life is about 8-9 days on extreme use. •Connectivity issues present which is very irritating, you got to activate the Call/SNS alerts on the app repeatedly. •Features like Compass, Calendar, Weather etc are not present.",Smart Watch,356
11345,4,Good product at an affordable price range of Rs. 1600-2000. If price is greater than that there are other options to be considered (from Boat itself). Watch feels good. Elegant design.,Smart Watch,184
11346,5,Excellent quality,Smart Watch,17
11347,5,"Strongly recommended NOT TO BUY!!!  Reasons :- 1. I already replaced the product once for extremely inaccurate tracking, but the replaced product is also inaccurate. 2. Battery drains out suddenly. 3. Don't expect accurate readings from the product.",Smart Watch,249
11348,2,Very nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,20
11349,3,That is good,Smart Watch,12
11350,5,Best one,Smart Watch,8
11351,5,Value for ur money.U can buy it without any worries.It has very good battery backup,Smart Watch,83
11352,4,Nice product at best price,Smart Watch,26
11353,5,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
11354,3,Display color poor,Smart Watch,18
11355,1,So nice watch thnx,Smart Watch,18
11356,5,It recommend to upgrade when clear the apps it will automatically dis connecting. it is worst experience.,Smart Watch,105
11357,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
11358,4,Super product....,Smart Watch,17
11359,5,The display is shown not on full screan that is the thing I don't like,Smart Watch,70
11360,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11361,3,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
11362,5,Great product.. I prefer it for this budget,Smart Watch,43
11363,3,Very good looking and stylish.,Smart Watch,30
11364,5,"All Features Was Very Good... Looking Really Smart.., But Gallery Wallpaper Was Not Uploaded Properly... Please Clear The Issues And Bugs... Thank You Flipkart..!",Smart Watch,162
11365,5,Good looking,Smart Watch,12
11366,3,Perfect smart watch this price range♥️❤️❤️😘😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊,Smart Watch,60
11367,5,V good,Smart Watch,6
11368,5,Good quality and design....fully satisfied,Smart Watch,42
11369,4,value for money,Smart Watch,15
11370,5,It's a good one in this range.,Smart Watch,30
11371,5,Call alert not working,Smart Watch,22
11372,5,"Battery backup is osam,Value of money but display is very small...",Smart Watch,66
11373,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11374,5,Such a good product 🥰,Smart Watch,21
11375,5,Battery capacity is excellent and watch design is very good,Smart Watch,59
11376,5,Nice 👍🏻,Smart Watch,7
11377,5,Good and stylish worth for money go for it,Smart Watch,42
11378,1,Good product but display size is small 🙂,Smart Watch,40
11379,4,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
11380,5,Just luving it more n more...go for it,Smart Watch,38
11381,5,That's gajab,Smart Watch,12
11382,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11383,5,WAO I LIKE THIS PRODUCT.DESIGN IS BEST.BATTERY BACK UP 12 DAYS.,Smart Watch,63
11384,5,Excellent product.. Thanks flipkart.,Smart Watch,36
11385,3,Best quality product in low price,Smart Watch,33
11386,3,Nice ...,Smart Watch,8
11387,5,Awesome watch 👍👍👍,Smart Watch,17
11388,5,Nice product 😍🖤,Smart Watch,15
11389,5,Awsm smart watch.... Thnku thnku thnku flipkart...,Smart Watch,50
11390,4,"Delivery boy is good and thank you,fillip kart is good product",Smart Watch,62
11391,5,Happy,Smart Watch,5
11392,5,Exellent,Smart Watch,8
11393,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
11394,4,Worst product Not turning ON even after putting in charge for hours,Smart Watch,67
11395,5,amazing,Smart Watch,7
11396,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
11397,4,As usually Same,Smart Watch,15
11398,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11399,5,Vary nice watch ...I m so happy,Smart Watch,31
11400,4,Nyc product I like it,Smart Watch,21
11401,4,Great watch.. Great experience with this watch. Strongly recommend,Smart Watch,66
11402,5,I am very happy ...thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,34
11403,3,Good product... Must buy..,Smart Watch,26
11404,4,Amezing product ❤️💙 I love it 🤩🥰,Smart Watch,32
11405,5,Superb Flipkart,Smart Watch,15
11406,5,I love this watch,Smart Watch,17
11407,1,accuracy is not there but yeah it is ok in this price,Smart Watch,53
11408,5,Product is good and battery 🔋 is power Full I am happy,Smart Watch,54
11409,5,good watch but new version 11 not use own gallery wallpaper/photo so dont buy this waste of money,Smart Watch,97
11410,5,The watch is good but its app is not built properly,Smart Watch,51
11411,5,Very bad,Smart Watch,8
11412,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11413,5,Good Product... Thanks Flipkart,Smart Watch,31
11414,4,It is good product,Smart Watch,18
11415,4,So looking,Smart Watch,10
11416,2,Good watch super,Smart Watch,16
11417,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
11418,1,Very nice product👍👍👍,Smart Watch,20
11419,5,A white line at the top don't know why,Smart Watch,38
11420,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
11421,5,"Delivery late,btw product is awesome, i personally loved it",Smart Watch,59
11422,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11423,5,this was amazing👍👍😍😍 product,Smart Watch,28
11424,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11425,4,Stopped working within 1 month. Got replaced product after 1 month.,Smart Watch,67
11426,1,Happy with this,Smart Watch,15
11427,5,Beautiful and good product ❤️,Smart Watch,29
11428,5,Boat protect is so nice,Smart Watch,23
11429,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11430,5,This was very beautiful and nice..and very stylish.lower price.well battery power.. water resistant sapphire.heart monitor reader..,Smart Watch,131
11431,3,Very nice watch and very comfortable,Smart Watch,36
11432,2,"I Expected very super smartwatch...but i resive product is low quality. Display very small, futures options very low, good looking, good battery, but not for value mony this watch. Overall better.",Smart Watch,196
11433,5,Supar,Smart Watch,5
11434,5,Very nice All perfect💯💯💯👍👍👏👏,Smart Watch,28
11435,5,Mind-blowing,Smart Watch,12
11436,5,Satisfied 😇👌,Smart Watch,12
11437,4,"Looking good, but some issue in battery and hang.",Smart Watch,49
11438,5,Dial size is big...a good quality product at this price..👍,Smart Watch,58
11439,3,I loved it tq flipkart 🖤🤗,Smart Watch,25
11440,4,"Just amazing, I loved it",Smart Watch,24
11441,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11442,5,"Awesome watch,🥰🥰 value for money",Smart Watch,32
11443,4,It's amazing products. Working and battery hr. Is good max.10 days.thanku flipcark. To provide this beautiful watch in my range,Smart Watch,127
11444,2,Worth of money,Smart Watch,14
11445,5,"Dont Buy boAt..watch,Waste Feature.. Waste boAt gear pro app.. 👎and waste policy from flipkart.. So next time not purchase from flipkart",Smart Watch,136
11446,4,Locking good ❤️,Smart Watch,15
11447,5,This smartwatch is very good features,Smart Watch,37
11448,5,I don't like this,Smart Watch,17
11449,4,To good,Smart Watch,7
11450,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
11451,5,wonderful product at wonderful price,Smart Watch,36
11452,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11453,1,Charging port will starts to get corroded and turns to pieces of rust once you start to use it,Smart Watch,94
11454,5,Its accurate mi smart watch and boat storm i really loved it 🥰,Smart Watch,62
11455,2,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
11456,5,Value of money Boat proved low cost give best quality,Smart Watch,53
11457,4,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
11458,5,Worthy for 💰💸,Smart Watch,13
11459,5,Nice but it's having minimum options,Smart Watch,36
11460,1,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
11461,5,Very nice products,Smart Watch,18
11462,5,Price range product is very good,Smart Watch,32
11463,5,Fabulous watch..!!,Smart Watch,18
11464,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
11465,5,Good Watch in this Price. And the Activity Trackrs are Awesome.,Smart Watch,63
11466,3,"It,s okay product",Smart Watch,17
11467,5,We can't upload photo on watch bakawas smartwatch,Smart Watch,49
11468,4,Use less..,Smart Watch,10
11469,4,Nice quality product and having all latest features.,Smart Watch,52
11470,5,All good very nice,Smart Watch,18
11471,5,Replaced Watch excellent,Smart Watch,24
11472,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
11473,5,Very bad,Smart Watch,8
11474,2,Best smartwatch,Smart Watch,15
11475,2,All features are super but blood pressure measurement is totally wrong.,Smart Watch,71
11476,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11477,4,This watch is really outstanding,Smart Watch,32
11478,5,My husband sooo happy tq shopsy,Smart Watch,31
11479,5,Ok 89%,Smart Watch,6
11480,1,Super,Smart Watch,5
11481,4,My lovely watch,Smart Watch,15
11482,5,Nice boat watch,Smart Watch,15
11483,5,Amazing product,Smart Watch,15
11484,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11485,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11486,4,Loved it.,Smart Watch,9
11487,4,Good product to use. Best company to buy,Smart Watch,40
11488,5,Awesome looks like it,Smart Watch,21
11489,5,Totaly disappointed.. After delivery work well but after 7days . Watch not swith On. Not start any way.. Customer care also not suipeting any way .. Waist of money,Smart Watch,163
11490,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11491,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11492,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
11493,5,I received this item on dt 1st August now on dt 15 oct charger is not warking,Smart Watch,77
11494,5,Very nice....,Smart Watch,13
11495,5,Love it,Smart Watch,7
11496,1,Worth it,Smart Watch,8
11497,4,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
11498,5,When i have connected the watch with my iphone then all the features are working awesome but i am not able to sms and notifications please help me if any one can.,Smart Watch,162
11499,4,Great,Smart Watch,5
11500,1,This watch is simply awsome🔥. I gave it 1less star star because of small display. Battery Looks Quality are awsome.,Smart Watch,115
11501,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11502,5,Nice product . wake up gesture is little bit slow,Smart Watch,49
11503,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11504,5,Display and touching activities as per RAM very slow.,Smart Watch,53
11505,3,Very good watch but need to improvment in apps..when create profile as male still gives a massage of menstrual also we can't customised dial pic of gallery,Smart Watch,155
11506,5,Within a week it stopped working..I had to replace it,Smart Watch,53
11507,4,Superb..,Smart Watch,8
11508,5,Love it ☺️,Smart Watch,10
11509,4,Not working notification vibration,Smart Watch,34
11510,5,Charge remain 5 mins,Smart Watch,20
11511,5,"I’ve ordered boat smart watch from flipkart, its awesome. Original quality, display size is okay and the delivery was also faster than estimated time.",Smart Watch,150
11512,5,Best for daily activities & really loved this Strom....,Smart Watch,55
11513,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
11514,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11515,5,MY ITEM WAS TOO GOOD AND THE WATCH IS MORE THAN NEDED BUT YOU HAVE TO CONNECT THE PHONE WITH IT WITH PROGEAR APP AND I 😍 LOVED IT SO MUCH THANK U FLIPKART FOR THE BOAT WATCH,Smart Watch,173
11516,1,It’s really an amazing watch thnxs for such an amazing product.,Smart Watch,63
11517,3,Osm product...,Smart Watch,14
11518,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11519,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
11520,4,Bettar quality,Smart Watch,14
11521,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
11522,5,Really lovely watch,Smart Watch,19
11523,4,Looking good in picture but actually small screen Battery is ok Look is good Somehow need to upgrade more features,Smart Watch,114
11524,5,Veri intresting watch,Smart Watch,21
11525,5,I gifted my better half and he liked it. Thankyou Flipkart,Smart Watch,58
11526,3,Using this watch for last one week. NOT upto mark. Charging not beyond 83% after about 5-6 hours. It stops at 83%. Activity features are limited. Wake up on wrist lift feature do not work property. Not justifying brand value boAt. Wanted to return today but return policy expired.,Smart Watch,280
11527,2,I just love it..Value for money..Thank you FlipKart for the wonderful service and product just go for it 😀😀,Smart Watch,107
11528,5,Damage issue,Smart Watch,12
11529,5,Very nice 👌👍,Smart Watch,12
11530,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
11531,5,Ok good product under 1700,Smart Watch,26
11532,5,I love it😍😍,Smart Watch,11
11533,2,Good one,Smart Watch,8
11534,5,Best product,Smart Watch,12
11535,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
11536,5,Nice product .,Smart Watch,14
11537,5,Osm product i love ittt🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,26
11538,4,Osm,Smart Watch,3
11539,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
11540,4,Good quality but display size is so mini,Smart Watch,40
11541,5,Sensors are not perfect. It gives wrong result.,Smart Watch,47
11542,5,"3rd class delivery, received after 10days late delivery. Screen size not upto the mark, Not value for money.",Smart Watch,108
11543,4,Good but phone calls not received that's why give 2star.over all good.it could be better.,Smart Watch,89
11544,5,Every time disconnecting,Smart Watch,24
11545,5,Unsatisfied,Smart Watch,11
11546,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11547,4,Good watch for this affordable price... Love ❤ this,Smart Watch,51
11548,2,Nice watch & value for money product,Smart Watch,36
11549,1,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
11550,2,Nice 🙂,Smart Watch,6
11551,2,Good product @this price,Smart Watch,24
11552,1,Looks good Features also good The thing is what I feel is not much better is the battery of this watch because it's draining to fast when I on the workout mode or any activity mode and over all the battery good but when it come in any activity mode it's start draining too much and it is not measuring my sleeping timings,Smart Watch,321
11553,4,Nice 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻😍,Smart Watch,14
11554,5,What a stylish watch awesome plz buy all india this product is very good,Smart Watch,72
11555,4,I love it,Smart Watch,9
11556,5,Hanging,Smart Watch,7
11557,5,Just go for it ☺️,Smart Watch,17
11558,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11559,4,"Nice, i like boat",Smart Watch,17
11560,5,Good products amazing,Smart Watch,21
11561,5,Too small watch,Smart Watch,15
11562,5,"Whether the person liked it or not, but I liked the watch very much, everything about it is great 👍",Smart Watch,99
11563,2,Good smart watch ... All results are perfect..,Smart Watch,46
11564,5,I really satisfied this smart watch 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,39
11565,5,VERY SMALL,Smart Watch,10
11566,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11567,5,Too bad Dont by that Its not working after 1 month,Smart Watch,50
11568,2,"Nice watch at reasonable price, I have got it by @1999/-",Smart Watch,56
11569,4,Better in this Price range,Smart Watch,26
11570,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
11571,4,It's awesome watch,Smart Watch,18
11572,3,Nice watch... 😍,Smart Watch,15
11573,4,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11574,1,Very good products 😎,Smart Watch,20
11575,4,Good looking but face sets less and overall experience good and I used more than days also battery is 20% left,Smart Watch,110
11576,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
11577,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11578,5,Slow in response......,Smart Watch,22
11579,4,Good Product. So Many features available in this Product.,Smart Watch,57
11580,4,Very comfortable nice watch,Smart Watch,27
11581,5,So nice,Smart Watch,7
11582,4,Love,Smart Watch,4
11583,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11584,5,Awesome watch but ptoduct packing not good,Smart Watch,42
11585,3,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11586,5,Nyc,Smart Watch,3
11587,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11588,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
11589,5,It a nice product to me. I love it,Smart Watch,34
11590,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11591,5,Valve for money,Smart Watch,15
11592,5,Okkk,Smart Watch,4
11593,4,"Osm watch ,,,best experience ever",Smart Watch,33
11594,4,Love this product but some of the features missing just like find phone call receiving through smart watch and some more i think if it could be in it than it will become the best smartwatch in this price,Smart Watch,203
11595,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11596,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
11597,5,Display is bad don’t buy this watch,Smart Watch,35
11598,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11599,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11600,5,Excellent digital watch.,Smart Watch,24
11601,4,Its good and beautiful watch and its special to watch in my hand,Smart Watch,64
11602,5,Super 👍👍,Smart Watch,8
11603,4,"Look like a toy, very small display Don't waste your money, after deliver only replacement option no refund",Smart Watch,107
11604,1,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11605,4,Very nice 👌👌 product,Smart Watch,20
11606,5,Very good watch,Smart Watch,15
11607,5,Good go for it,Smart Watch,14
11608,5,My first buy smartwatch. Good 👍,Smart Watch,31
11609,5,Nice at this price,Smart Watch,18
11610,1,Just fab ❤,Smart Watch,10
11611,5,Battery backup is best almost 8 days of heavy use like sport activities. Easy to use and features are good,Smart Watch,106
11612,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11613,4,Nice I am so happy,Smart Watch,18
11614,4,Love it,Smart Watch,7
11615,5,Right now going good let’s see,Smart Watch,30
11616,5,Nice and genuine one,Smart Watch,20
11617,5,The watch features are amazing and the delivery was fast,Smart Watch,56
11618,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11619,5,"Awesome,,,,the money totally worth it,,,I gave it to my love on his birthday",Smart Watch,76
11620,4,Display is too small,Smart Watch,20
11621,5,"Call notification got slower , Tamil format not support,",Smart Watch,56
11622,4,Nice watch battery performance is very good,Smart Watch,43
11623,5,Screen is very small and display is low quality,Smart Watch,47
11624,5,Good.,Smart Watch,5
11625,5,Display is smaller💔 in size otherwise it's grt ♥️,Smart Watch,49
11626,5,Nic watch very smooth boat my favorite brand ❣️,Smart Watch,47
11627,3,"Its not automatically syncing to my phone , each and every time I have to sync others wise I will not be recieve any kind of notifications",Smart Watch,138
11628,3,Nice product 👌👌 but screen size small,Smart Watch,37
11629,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11630,2,A gud product am loving it....,Smart Watch,30
11631,2,Super ❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,12
11632,4,Just awesome 😎 in this range.,Smart Watch,29
11633,5,After using it 10 days still battery level 25% ....excellent battery backup ....without any doubt must buy it.,Smart Watch,110
11634,2,Veryyy good,Smart Watch,11
11635,3,Mind blowing super watch,Smart Watch,24
11636,5,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
11637,5,Good 👍,Smart Watch,6
11638,4,Day 1: its good ! Donno how it works after day:30-60😅 Overall good product!😊,Smart Watch,76
11639,5,Nice .....,Smart Watch,10
11640,4,Nice wach,Smart Watch,9
11641,5,Nys one ❤️,Smart Watch,10
11642,5,Size is very small like its for 10 years kid.,Smart Watch,45
11643,5,Good watch in this price range that's All U can buy it if u want a casual budget friendly watch,Smart Watch,95
11644,4,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11645,3,Best quality,Smart Watch,12
11646,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
11647,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
11648,4,Work as watch. Nothing much,Smart Watch,27
11649,1,Sensing has not been working properly Waste of money,Smart Watch,52
11650,5,Average,Smart Watch,7
11651,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11652,5,Very very nice 😍 so happy...,Smart Watch,28
11653,5,Worth of money 💰💰💰💰💰,Smart Watch,20
11654,3,Device property not connect mobile blutooth...,Smart Watch,46
11655,2,Display not working automatically and it's waste product and you can see the lines on the image . I'm writing this review after 10 days of use.,Smart Watch,143
11656,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
11657,5,Very it does not have refund policy...... It does not have more function..... Very very bad donot buy this there is many smartwatch better than it in low price,Smart Watch,159
11658,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11659,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11660,5,Good looking,Smart Watch,12
11661,3,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
11662,1,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
11663,4,Calls Notification is Not Good,Smart Watch,30
11664,1,Super... Application was conssume heavy battery life. I want another device please price was low...,Smart Watch,99
11665,5,Normal watch,Smart Watch,12
11666,3,"All things are good.Battery charge is good.alert call,msg,etc also good. .some problems are -walking steps,body o2 level,BP is not correct level...other wise is good.plz fix the problem....",Smart Watch,189
11667,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
11668,4,Amazing look..,Smart Watch,14
11669,5,Awsm product @this price,Smart Watch,24
11670,1,Everything is good but battery backup is not good to as compared to other and I think plz upgrade the features and add more something.,Smart Watch,134
11671,5,Good dureability,Smart Watch,16
11672,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
11673,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11674,5,Feature not work calling notification not work and other notifications also not work every time.,Smart Watch,96
11675,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
11676,5,3rd day using.  PROS:-less weight High brightness User friendly Good speed Notification is stylish and very useful Good in look when screen off😬 Battery life is good Water resistance works well Screen quality is very good. You can add any photo as wallpaper CONS: Screen size is disappointing App is very bad..new update is not working well. I will review after somedays ot use,Smart Watch,377
11677,4,Nice boat which nice,Smart Watch,20
11678,5,"Not connecting properly every half an hour disconnected automatically, Connectivity issues in this Totally waste product please don't purchase, Waste of money",Smart Watch,158
11679,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
11680,5,Very bad quality ..Not working display properly,Smart Watch,47
11681,2,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11682,5,Valuable product nicely,Smart Watch,23
11683,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
11684,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11685,2,Excellent product in this price range ever .,Smart Watch,44
11686,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11687,5,Beautiful smart watch in this price... Reading and tracking is good..,Smart Watch,69
11688,5,It very nyc watch it available prize I think is good,Smart Watch,52
11689,5,Really Awesome...❤️❤️,Smart Watch,21
11690,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11691,4,Great experience with smart watch thanks Flipkart,Smart Watch,49
11692,5,Updeting Problem...,Smart Watch,19
11693,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
11694,5,Very good product nice,Smart Watch,22
11695,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11696,5,Good prodect,Smart Watch,12
11697,1,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
11698,4,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11699,1,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
11700,5,Over all good,Smart Watch,13
11701,5,nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11702,3,Super... thanks you Flipkart 💋🥰,Smart Watch,31
11703,5,Good 👍,Smart Watch,6
11704,3,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11705,4,Amazing product ☺️,Smart Watch,18
11706,3,Very good 👍,Smart Watch,11
11707,4,"Very nice Watch, happy after purchasing..!",Smart Watch,42
11708,5,Godd for below 15 years,Smart Watch,23
11709,5,Not worth for the money,Smart Watch,23
11710,5,Value of money,Smart Watch,14
11711,4,Good item,Smart Watch,9
11712,5,Thanks flipkart for delivery our boat smartwatch There design look is great as well as in function.,Smart Watch,99
11713,5,Call function could be included,Smart Watch,31
11714,5,"The product is good heart rate , blood glucose level not accurate, and display dial model very low numbers model available... Customer want more dial models",Smart Watch,156
11715,3,"Excellent features with this price, performance and battery is good. Don't expecting and don't compare with apple and Samsung gear watches",Smart Watch,138
11716,2,Love it nice product 👍👍go for it,Smart Watch,32
11717,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
11718,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11719,5,Worth for money so good,Smart Watch,23
11720,3,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11721,3,God,Smart Watch,3
11722,5,"Really,it is amazing watch",Smart Watch,26
11723,5,It's amazing product love it....,Smart Watch,32
11724,5,very nice product i love it thank u flipkart,Smart Watch,44
11725,4,"Value for money. Good display, stylish, water resistant, you can go for it.",Smart Watch,75
11726,5,Really great boat is my favourite 🥰❤️❤️,Smart Watch,39
11727,5,Best watch within best price,Smart Watch,28
11728,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
11729,5,Good watch' good price,Smart Watch,22
11730,4,"What I wanna say is A fabulous product from boAt , Just if you want to buy it , there Will be no chance after somedays guys so please be aware of this .",Smart Watch,152
11731,5,Awesome watch 😍😍😍,Smart Watch,17
11732,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11733,5,Good product. After one week use write review.,Smart Watch,46
11734,5,"Looking good, overall not bad at this rate...",Smart Watch,45
11735,5,Product is a very awesome,Smart Watch,25
11736,5,Nic product,Smart Watch,11
11737,5,Not compare. Its okay,Smart Watch,21
11738,5,Photo are not comeing,Smart Watch,21
11739,5,Good Product but not that not up to the as expected from Boat . 1.Display i found that not of HD quality. 2.Some fitness feature are that accurate Spo2. 3.In this price range you will find this is good for kids. 4.If you are professional please go for higher range this will not satisfy. 5.This price range good product to gift your 10 to 14 year children.,Smart Watch,356
11740,4,"Supb it's a nyce products at reasonable prize, overall just osm",Smart Watch,63
11741,4,Happy 😊 and nice watch its value of Money 💰,Smart Watch,43
11742,5,Good products,Smart Watch,13
11743,5,"Almost fine. Had some issues regarding the range of connectivity with phone. It gets disconnected pretty soon after an unused session. Rest, everything is fine. Built quality is amazing, it has an ambience of premium watch. The display is ok not HD. Value for money, though!",Smart Watch,274
11744,3,"Watch working good but its continually disconnect with phone due to issue software application , its need be to improve. Poor software application.",Smart Watch,147
11745,1,Value for money 👍👍,Smart Watch,18
11746,4,Display problem,Smart Watch,15
11747,5,Most of the features not working correctly. The software design is very poor and most of the functionality are not working at all.,Smart Watch,130
11748,5,Smartwatch is good But battery backup 4 to 5 days,Smart Watch,49
11749,5,"Good product for reasonbale price, billion day is superb from Flipkart. Charging more than 10 days over all great product",Smart Watch,121
11750,4,Dish connect 5minutes watch to phone Plz don't purchase,Smart Watch,55
11751,2,"Writing this review after using the product for a week - the overall look of this watch is decent but would have looked more good if the colour of the scrap had been glossy. The features are not much and battery life being average, overall I would say that it wasn't a wow factor purchase but if one is looking for his/her 1st smart watch then he/she my easily opt for this option as the use of this watch is not very complicated and it's neither too expensive.",Smart Watch,461
11752,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11753,5,The watch is Soo good I liked it very much and the delivery guy was also polite to us thankss Flipkart............,Smart Watch,114
11754,3,Price range it's good product,Smart Watch,29
11755,4,Awsome watch value for money,Smart Watch,28
11756,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11757,1,Average,Smart Watch,7
11758,3,best smart watch under 3000,Smart Watch,27
11759,5,Best smart watch under 2000,Smart Watch,27
11760,5,Worth for money,Smart Watch,15
11761,5,"Very nice Watch ,",Smart Watch,17
11762,4,Very good product.,Smart Watch,18
11763,5,Very Bad Poor Display Quality.,Smart Watch,30
11764,2,Good looking,Smart Watch,12
11765,4,Best one,Smart Watch,8
11766,5,Useless; recieved it today and the watch didn't turn on even after charging. Bad experience. Returned.,Smart Watch,102
11767,5,Nice looking,Smart Watch,12
11768,5,Very nice love❤ it,Smart Watch,18
11769,5,Super and good quality,Smart Watch,22
11770,1,Nice and handy,Smart Watch,14
11771,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11772,5,Best quality product,Smart Watch,20
11773,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11774,5,Sleep monitor not working,Smart Watch,25
11775,5,Good quality but display is small in size Worth product,Smart Watch,55
11776,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
11777,4,"Very bad display, i got confused whether i have got defective product. If the background is black the display is looking like cheap keypad phon display. See the images. And display size was soo small.",Smart Watch,200
11778,3,Very bad,Smart Watch,8
11779,5,Thanks to flipkart very fast delivery This unexpected.... Shandaar look Thanks again....,Smart Watch,88
11780,4,Overall good watch,Smart Watch,18
11781,1,It's looking good,Smart Watch,17
11782,5,Nice product 👍,Smart Watch,14
11783,5,Good product of boat,Smart Watch,20
11784,2,Superb product thanku boat,Smart Watch,26
11785,1,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11786,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11787,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11788,4,Sow good,Smart Watch,8
11789,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11790,3,Best for basic purposes,Smart Watch,23
11791,5,"Teal color is beautiful, thanks boat",Smart Watch,36
11792,5,Watch is good but boatgear app not up to mark,Smart Watch,45
11793,4,Osm,Smart Watch,3
11794,4,This watch is awesome but red is little dull and different from the picture shown. Still satisfied 😍😍,Smart Watch,101
11795,5,Awesome product ❤️,Smart Watch,18
11796,5,All are perfect accept bluetooth does works perfectly it disconnects automatically,Smart Watch,82
11797,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11798,5,Ok nice.,Smart Watch,8
11799,3,Nice product nd good delivery...,Smart Watch,32
11800,4,Best smartwatch under 1699,Smart Watch,26
11801,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11802,5,I got only 5days of battery back up.... That is the only prblm that I am facing.... Other wise this is a good one,Smart Watch,113
11803,4,Nice product go for it,Smart Watch,22
11804,5,Good condition,Smart Watch,14
11805,4,Awesome for me and lovely,Smart Watch,25
11806,3,The worst watch...too much issue in connectivity. Sensors are not working properly,Smart Watch,82
11807,4,Sandar watch Good lock Best bettary life,Smart Watch,40
11808,4,It's a very nice smartwatch... fully recommend,Smart Watch,46
11809,3,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
11810,4,"I am started to using, it is good.",Smart Watch,34
11811,5,Ok good,Smart Watch,7
11812,5,Awsome,Smart Watch,6
11813,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
11814,5,Value for money..Nice product..Fast delivery by flipkart,Smart Watch,56
11815,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11816,5,Very nice one,Smart Watch,13
11817,5,Nice watch....,Smart Watch,14
11818,3,I love this watch this awesome watch. I love the build quality and the strap is so smooth.,Smart Watch,90
11819,5,This product display is not working properly,Smart Watch,44
11820,5,Got damaged product,Smart Watch,19
11821,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11822,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11823,5,"Awesome, Thank you Flipkart I love boat products",Smart Watch,48
11824,5,Very nise,Smart Watch,9
11825,4,You can go for it if you have enough money 💰 And you can go for it,Smart Watch,66
11826,1,Go with boat✈️✈️,Smart Watch,16
11827,1,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11828,5,Worth buying it. Value for money!! Thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,53
11829,3,Marvelous smart watch Looking good Battery is good Design is good Band is good.,Smart Watch,79
11830,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11831,5,Amazing product....loved it,Smart Watch,27
11832,4,"Everything was perfect but this smartwatch hasn't provide the option to set the wallpaper. Bit disappointed for this,anyway thank u for the product. Warm regards,",Smart Watch,162
11833,5,Xclnt,Smart Watch,5
11834,5,Very nice watch,Smart Watch,15
11835,5,Amazing product In love with this 💕✨,Smart Watch,36
11836,4,Osm😱 I like it,Smart Watch,14
11837,4,I love IT 🥰,Smart Watch,11
11838,5,"Please don't bye this watch. Waste of money be care full screen is very small, And no return policy",Smart Watch,99
11839,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
11840,4,Amezing product. I like it 🙂  Add more features,Smart Watch,47
11841,5,Good looking..,Smart Watch,14
11842,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11843,5,Yes it is very good and stylish🥰👌,Smart Watch,33
11844,5,Very nice watch...,Smart Watch,18
11845,1,Very good watch co.patative It is very good for children😍😍,Smart Watch,58
11846,5,Good product Value for money Display wow,Smart Watch,40
11847,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
11848,4,I buy this for my dad he was so happy with watch,Smart Watch,48
11849,5,Best Smartwatch at Best price..😍😍,Smart Watch,33
11850,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11851,5,Looks good value for Money,Smart Watch,26
11852,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
11853,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11854,5,The boat watch is Amazing all the features are good thanks to flipkart,Smart Watch,70
11855,5,Nice Product It's Comfortable 💕💕🤗🤗🤗🤗,Smart Watch,36
11856,5,Fantastic product. Thanks Filipkart,Smart Watch,35
11857,5,Not bad...,Smart Watch,10
11858,3,Very nice 🙂 product .,Smart Watch,21
11859,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11860,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11861,5,Best products love it,Smart Watch,21
11862,5,Looks simple and good Beginner watch as a smart tracker Worth for what you spend Don’t expect lot of things what we get in Apple and fitbit Its just a tracker for your daily routine exercise… And it shows time so we can call it as digital watch and health tracker (note: not 100% accurate…) Suitable for daily use,Smart Watch,313
11863,5,Very nice watch... Simply love it,Smart Watch,33
11864,3,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
11865,4,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
11866,4,Automatically bluetooth disconnected total worst smartwatch..don't but it,Smart Watch,73
11867,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
11868,5,Value for money...but design & features need to be update,Smart Watch,57
11869,4,Not good,Smart Watch,8
11870,4,Amazing little bit hang ❣️😘,Smart Watch,27
11871,5,It's good 👍,Smart Watch,11
11872,4,Worst watch don't buy it..flipkart app cheated us..we are wasted our valuable money to bought this .so don't buy this product,Smart Watch,125
11873,1,Outstanding 🔥🔥🔥🔥,Smart Watch,16
11874,4,Improve the call receive notifications.,Smart Watch,39
11875,4,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
11876,2,Best watch,Smart Watch,10
11877,3,Very very nice Boat Smart Wach lam Fully Satisfied,Smart Watch,50
11878,5,Osm..I am gifted my hubby this smart watch,Smart Watch,42
11879,2,"Battery backup is awashom, and future is not better. Finely 2000k price range is good.🤗 I am use it 1 month",Smart Watch,107
11880,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11881,1,Very nice....,Smart Watch,13
11882,3,Nice watch in this price range I think the screen size needs to increase or its need to be like infinity display. Overall good,Smart Watch,126
11883,5,Very nice watch in low price...🥰🥰,Smart Watch,33
11884,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11885,5,Cool product.......,Smart Watch,19
11886,3,Beautiful watch,Smart Watch,15
11887,5,Dial Settings-> cloud faces only available in iphone Find my Phone ->fine my phone not working properly music control -> buttons very small so working very bad,Smart Watch,159
11888,5,Awesome 😍😍😍 thanks for flipkart,Smart Watch,31
11889,4,"Good speed ,less weight ,looks good when screen off. Value for money..",Smart Watch,70
11890,5,Sensor not working,Smart Watch,18
11891,4,Dirty product,Smart Watch,13
11892,5,It's goods nice product value for money.,Smart Watch,40
11893,5,Good one...but heart rate and blood pressure has to improve.,Smart Watch,60
11894,1,In this price this watch is fabulous😋✨,Smart Watch,38
11895,1,Such a great product in this price,Smart Watch,34
11896,5,Good product must buy,Smart Watch,21
11897,1,Ok,Smart Watch,2
11898,1,Just nice watch ❤️,Smart Watch,18
11899,5,Look like good but build quality very bad.,Smart Watch,42
11900,5,Impressive,Smart Watch,10
11901,5,Okay but it could be more updated 🙂,Smart Watch,35
11902,5,"In this price range, the best",Smart Watch,29
11903,5,Looking awesome superb product.,Smart Watch,31
11904,5,Best product in this price segment,Smart Watch,34
11905,3,"Outstanding......I used daily....one time charge, 15 days use",Smart Watch,61
11906,1,Super,Smart Watch,5
11907,5,Very good product..... I love it♥️,Smart Watch,34
11908,3,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11909,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
11910,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11911,5,Superb watch.,Smart Watch,13
11912,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11913,5,Amazing 😍👌 I love it 😘😘 thank you Flipkart 😘😘,Smart Watch,45
11914,5,"Nice,",Smart Watch,5
11915,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
11916,5,Not as expected. Good quality brand but look cheap so not very likely,Smart Watch,69
11917,4,Nice product.,Smart Watch,13
11918,5,"Nice watch wth nice fetures, my wifes gift",Smart Watch,42
11919,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11920,5,I like the watch and best deal. Big Billion days,Smart Watch,48
11921,4,So good looking very good,Smart Watch,25
11922,3,Value of money,Smart Watch,14
11923,3,Ok,Smart Watch,2
11924,3,NICE PRODUCT WITH REASONABLE PRICE.❤️💪,Smart Watch,38
11925,5,Bad,Smart Watch,3
11926,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11927,4,Osm product go for this..,Smart Watch,25
11928,5,Got it for 1500 in BBD. Pro gear app is buggy and UI is bizzare. Features are average. Sleep tracking not accurate. It's an okay product for 1500. Not worthy of anything more. It's okay if you want to try smart watches for once.,Smart Watch,228
11929,5,Love it,Smart Watch,7
11930,4,Best watch 😘😘😘,Smart Watch,14
11931,5,"Its good but more feature should be there in watch like call pickup and also display size small  Br, Hemant",Smart Watch,107
11932,1,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11933,4,"Not as per the expectations!!  1: only calls alert are working. No text are alerted as claimed in the features. 2:- Battery life is not more than 02 days. 3:- Heartbeat, BP alltime similar or very nearby numbers even while running. 4:Sleep trackers is not working.",Smart Watch,264
11934,5,Good one 👍🏻,Smart Watch,11
11935,3,Nice.better option for this price,Smart Watch,33
11936,4,Very nice 👍,Smart Watch,11
11937,5,Supper,Smart Watch,6
11938,4,Nice watch Very good,Smart Watch,20
11939,5,Osm👌i love it,Smart Watch,13
11940,1,It's really good,Smart Watch,16
11941,4,TOO SMALL DISPLAY,Smart Watch,17
11942,4,Very nice watch,Smart Watch,15
11943,5,Very good so nice,Smart Watch,17
11944,1,Good watch 👌✨✨🆗,Smart Watch,15
11945,5,"I always recommend boAt product because of its unique design and excellent product You can trust on it ( boAt ) Value for money , so must buy this watch ❣️ Thanks to BoAt ⛵ And I also thanks to flipkart for the fastest delivery ❤️",Smart Watch,230
11946,5,It is very good smart watch.,Smart Watch,28
11947,5,Options are available at low price compared to higher price model. Slim and attractive.,Smart Watch,87
11948,5,Very nic product flipcard is very nic app,Smart Watch,41
11949,5,This product is best according to amount,Smart Watch,40
11950,5,Good and super,Smart Watch,14
11951,4,Awsome,Smart Watch,6
11952,5,Very very nice and no problem in use,Smart Watch,36
11953,5,Superb...,Smart Watch,9
11954,4,It's sexy,Smart Watch,9
11955,5,Must buy...😍😍😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,17
11956,5,Very nice product..I love it very much..Same as picture shown in the flipkart image....I am soooo much happy for it..And I would like to thank you the flipkart for this amazing offer. ...,Smart Watch,187
11957,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11958,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
11959,5,"Flipkart gives the worst quality products. Here people are just being fooled, I am regretting why did I buy boat storm samrtwatch from Flipkart?",Smart Watch,144
11960,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
11961,5,Very good in this segment,Smart Watch,25
11962,5,"Watch is worth it😊 Activity tracker works well👌👌blood oxygen,blood pressure and heart rate monitors works well All features are nice 👍👍",Smart Watch,135
11963,5,Good watch,Smart Watch,10
11964,5,"Boat good watch , i like it, Don,t think more and buy a boat smart watch .",Smart Watch,74
11965,3,Battery is good,Smart Watch,15
11966,1,"Battery got down after correct 14 days once the return policy day are gone, worst product. I need to search for the service center to fix it out.  After full charge watch is only working for 30 mins right now  Would not suggest to any one, please do try another products which are reliable  Truly disappointed with this product",Smart Watch,327
11967,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
11968,5,Superb watch and great deal!!! THANKS BB sale,Smart Watch,45
11969,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
11970,5,One of the best products,Smart Watch,24
11971,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
11972,5,This watch is no 1 watch and all function are running in the watch . I am a satisfy of this watch and cost bettry running time is 8 to 10 days I am happy with this watch....,Smart Watch,173
11973,1,Verry good and valey rate flipkart nice,Smart Watch,39
11974,5,Good quality one,Smart Watch,16
11975,5,Nice product it's really nice,Smart Watch,29
11976,5,According to current time gps should be there and Bluetooth range is very low always loosing connection and belt quality is very poor,Smart Watch,133
11977,5,Not Satisfied From Display to Original.. Dial are very Small..,Smart Watch,62
11978,5,Touch was not working,Smart Watch,21
11979,5,I Like It,Smart Watch,9
11980,5,Good product from boat I like it🤗,Smart Watch,33
11981,5,Nice watch.i love it🥰🥰,Smart Watch,22
11982,4,It's good quality,Smart Watch,17
11983,2,Very Nice Smart Watch.. This is my second purchase of the Same as I had purchased one for myself on 30th August. After using it nearly for more than one month I have purchased it again in Big Billion Days by Flipkart with best discounted price. This one is a gift for my better half who actually was surprised to see this beautiful Watch..  Thank You Flipkart And I will wait for this Big Billion Days were we will surely find varieties of products with heavy discounted rates..,Smart Watch,478
11984,2,Great watch👌😊,Smart Watch,13
11985,1,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
11986,5,GOOD PRODUCT IN THE LOW BUDGET ❤️,Smart Watch,33
11987,5,Very nice product Must buy 👍✌️🤟,Smart Watch,31
11988,4,Very nice 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌,Smart Watch,17
11989,5,Best 👌,Smart Watch,6
11990,5,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
11991,5,"It's very stylish and comfortable watch, I am very happy with this experience.. You can buy it no problem.",Smart Watch,106
11992,5,I'm very excited... Very good product..  Very good 🇳🇪❤️❤️❤️❤️🏅,Smart Watch,62
11993,4,It's very good. Nice quality,Smart Watch,28
11994,5,Loking good,Smart Watch,11
11995,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
11996,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
11997,5,GOOD,Smart Watch,4
11998,5,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
11999,5,Not good,Smart Watch,8
12000,5,It's looking very nyc 👍,Smart Watch,23
12001,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
12002,4,"Nice product, must buy",Smart Watch,22
12003,4,Nice watch,Smart Watch,10
12004,5,The watch is completely dead within one month.. It's a bad quality product,Smart Watch,74
12005,5,I am very happy,Smart Watch,15
12006,2,Nice products,Smart Watch,13
12007,5,"Very awesome product,💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖👍👍👍👍👍💖💖💖",Smart Watch,43
12008,5,"Love it in this price Reviewed after 2 days of use Need to experiment more for better review After almost one month -battery is really good, as without activating much function it last for more than 20 days.",Smart Watch,207
12009,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12010,5,Not Good Product,Smart Watch,16
12011,1,Nice looking one,Smart Watch,16
12012,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
12013,4,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12014,5,Best gift  Best smartwatch  Features,Smart Watch,36
12015,5,"Great camera!!! Took some time to understand all the basics of photography... Its giving good quality pictures. I shoot raw, and post processing the images are coming really well. Autofocus is nice and 5fps is working well for me... 300mm lens is OK... need to get another one since i mostly do birds.. need more zoom 😊 Overall its a great camera for beginners!!!!",Smart Watch,364
12016,5,"Awesome product. If you are looking for semi-pro DSLR you can buy this without it thinking. Easy handling, easy handy features",Smart Watch,126
12017,1,"Best Mid range camera for photography lovers. I am writing the review after 3 months of using this cam , this is my 1st DSLR canon is a user friendly cam, it is basically good for videography. Nikon is quite hard to use,. it is best for photos if you want to upgrade your photography Tallents , and you are looking for a mid range cam ,. 100% go for it., lenses are good, 70-300 mm lens is mind-blowing output. so, go for dual lenses",Smart Watch,433
12018,5,If you confused between nikon d5600 and canon 200d then go with nikon d5600 without thinking again. It is very good camera with excellent features. The camera features 39 autofocus point helps us to focus faster and produces clear image. I share some images of the camera sample hope you like it.,Smart Watch,296
12019,5,"Excellent camera for beginner photographers and also a best back up for pro also. Amazing colour depth, fast focusing, crystal clear photo. Lightweight is a advantage while you are travelling. Vary angle screen is very useful when taking ground level shots or over the crowd shots and very helpful for blogging purpuse also. You can attach external mic. Battery life is very good. Through WiFi and snapbridge downloading photos in smartphone from camera is too easy. It supports Bluetooth also. I...",Smart Watch,499
12020,1,"I think this the best entry level dslr in this range. I got a 18-55mm kit lense, 16gb memory card and lowepro bag. Bag quality is good. This model is good because you are getting a touch screen enabled dslr in the price range where most of other brands giving non touch screen models. Some features like very easy to operate, touch screen, fast auto focus and sharp images make this dslr a best entry level dslr. I am attaching some pictures clicked with this dslr(flipkart not letting me add more...",Smart Watch,500
12021,5,"You can't have a better mid-range DSLR. However I don't like 18mm-55mm lens, but you'll get sharp and crisp photos with 70mm-300mm lens. The camera is feature loaded and very light. You'll love it.",Smart Watch,197
12022,5,"Wow, love the Camera....I have already used Nikon d 3500 in my Laboratory but this camera is far better. Flipkart delivered at time and the product was at best conditions. This is my first personal DSLR, so guys after using for 2 weeks, I must say that go for it, there is no other camera which could provide same level as Nikon d 5600. Colour tone production, lots of effect, smooth touch screen, good battery life, etc. Just go for it.",Smart Watch,437
12023,5,No doubt Nikon's lineup for intermediate DSLR are catchworthy . but one must also invest in additional lenses to get the most out of d5600 . like in my case I ordered 35mm 1.8g lens when paired with d5600 produced great results . not going over the specifications. camera is just awesome produces detailed and sharp images .  70-300 lens do have its own advantages .but after 250mm its just doesn't perform up to the mark.but hey! you get this in that price bracket which is fine to me .  guid...,Smart Watch,496
12024,5,"My First DSLR and the best decision that I made. The KIT lenses are not so ideal for lowlight photography but you can always get the best out of it. Overall very satisfied with the quality of photos, camera body and lens to start the learning process.",Smart Watch,251
12025,5,"Excellent wow, what a camera! value for money, must buy. best entry lebel camera. flipkart delivery is so fast. very good packaging. no 1 genuine product.",Smart Watch,154
12026,5,"Best DSLR 📸 on this range 💰, I think nikon provide best product in DSLR. Picture was so good I just love with this DSLR",Smart Watch,119
12027,5,Good semi professional dslr from Nikon. Packing is good and the product is really nice. Not recommended for professional photographers and good for a beginner. It's features are best in class and have a good quality material in real. It's touch function is lit. Rotating screen helps in taking photos or record videos in selfie mode or in certain positions. The bag which is packed with the camera will only have the space to adjust lesser items. For a professional photographer it is recommended ...,Smart Watch,500
12028,5,Very Fast Delivery by Flipkart nd Service! I like it! Nikon D5600 Is Super Camera In this Price Range! I Really Happy With My New Nikon D5600 DSLR! It's Amazing Cemera! Picture nd Video Shooting is Superb! If You Are Search Entry Leval Camera!? In This Morden Life!? So it's A best Option For You! I Really Love it this Product! 👍👌,Smart Watch,331
12029,5,"Great Camera !!! Took Some Time To understand all the basics of photography... its giving good quality pictures. I shoot raw, and post processing the images are coming really well Autofocus is nice and 5fps is working well for me ... 300mm lens is ok... need to get another one since i mostly do birds..need more zoom ☺️ overall its a great Camera for beginners!!!",Smart Watch,364
12030,5,Best DSLR for beginners..don't think too much just click buy now..!I purchased on bbday with a great deal but i bought single lens. So i suggest please if you want more depth or wildlife photography then go for 70-300 mm also. Even though it can deliver good photos with this 18-55 mm lens. Thanks to Flipkart for the great package and delivery. Happy click..!,Smart Watch,360
12031,5,Reviewing after using for an year. This is my first dslr and It gives stunning images. The 70-300 lens is simply awesome and thats the one I use the most. Autofocus while taking video is really bad. It cant focus well on moving objects. Even for slowly moving subjects it doesn't focus well. I think Canon200d is good if you prefer videography as it has much faster autofocus although the price is much higher than Nikon D5600 .But if your preference is only photography then go for it as it is a...,Smart Watch,499
12032,5,"Cant say anything about the DSLR right now cause I am learning how to shoot but flipkart delivered it in a safe packaging and on time..  Edited on 16 Jan 2020 So, now I am using this for last 6 months and I want to say best in this price. I am not highlighting the features which all dslr have. but the best features which you will get in this price which none other dslr can give you today are 1. Articulated Touch screen. 2. Wifi transfer. 3. 39 AF point  Just go for it. Its a big plus. check o...",Smart Watch,500
12033,5,The camera is excellent. Probably the best one in this price range. Completely happy with the camera.  Would like to mention that the bag I received is a good quality Nikon original bag.  Giving 4 stars because it took 14 days to get the product delivered despite of having a Flipkart plus membership.,Smart Watch,301
12034,4,"This is one step above the Entry level ( Nikon D3*** series). Pro - Light weight , Easy to handle , wifi , articulated screen . Image Quality is good . Low light performance is good . Better than expected. Snapbridge for your easy file tranfer Can shoot Raw + Jpeg Best in Mid level DSLR I had got a ridiculous deal with 18-55 and 70-300 deal. Thanks to Flipkart.  Cons - insufficient grip . Those who are new to DSLR won't find this . But the ones who are trying to upgrade this will disappoi...",Smart Watch,496
12035,5,"It was delivered in good condition. When it comes to camera, it is really good and easy to use. Good choice for a beginner.",Smart Watch,123
12036,5,Awesome product but came with worst packaging. The seal of the packaging box was open. Flipkart should show some effort in packing camera like they do in mobiles. About the camera I would say that it's one of the best dslr in its class. But flipkart providing only 8gb card instead of 16gb. Rest the product is all good. Happy imaging.,Smart Watch,335
12037,5,iam surprised. great dslr at this price range.. better to handle.. user friendly cam.. low light pics💥 .. really loved it !!,Smart Watch,124
12038,4,"Great APSC DX camera which stand besides the Big brother D7100 & D7200. Instead of thease it have a Articulated Screen with Touch function, its a great option for those looking Midranged entry leval DSLR. U can also check D5500 & D5300. overall its a great deal. If u dont mind about your pocket then u can choose D7100 or D7200.",Smart Watch,329
12039,5,pros : Beginner level camera bast for YouTube purpose focusing is fast in photo only build quality is amazing effects extra feature is best for quick retouching zooming and Focusing very perfect inbuilt mic plus sound battery backup amazing  cons : Difficult to learn User interface Bag quality is worst low performance in videography only 16Gb memory card provided  overall best,Smart Watch,379
12040,4,It's amazing . I liked it. I order it in 15.2.20 and it came in 18.2.20 fast delivery. And the photos are also good.,Smart Watch,116
12041,5,Great camera for all beginners. I have been using it for an year. Great specs with this price. If you just a photography enthusiast then u should go for it.,Smart Watch,156
12042,5,Nic camera. And Good and great quality of images and. Auto focus is excellent. Pixel density is Assom and mind blowing. Best dslr for mid level and professional photographer,Smart Watch,173
12043,4,Great quality ... It's not a beginner camera ... It's a middle professional camera ... Good image quality ... I loved it,Smart Watch,120
12044,5,"The best DSLR for beginners, if your budget is around 50k then you should definitely go for it awesome camera in great price range. Here are some unedited clicks.",Smart Watch,162
12045,5,every thing works fine except for auto focus excellent for photos terrible for videos one thing this camera can improve on is autofocus love the manual flash option for in built flash,Smart Watch,183
12046,5,"Great camera for beginners and go for it if you are one. If you have a heavy pocket, my suggestion is to go for a full-frame(sensor) camera instead of this. This one is great, but eventually you'll need to upgrade to full-frame as you evolve and no longer be a beginner in photography.  Overall it's a good package with a wide range of lens compatibility, not only from Nikon but from other manufacturers as well.",Smart Watch,413
12047,5,one of the best DSLR for beginners.. I upgraded from D3200 to D5600.. I'm loving it 😊,Smart Watch,85
12048,5,awesome product for great value 36k I got this product at 36k which was awesome.and its genuine product criss checked with nikon site.go for it guys,Smart Watch,148
12049,5,I am writing the review after one week of usage...  The product is just awesome! Performs very well in both indoor and outdoor photography. Low light performance is also upto the mark. Love this product. Unbeatable in this price range. 70-300 mm lens is adding more flavour to it♥️. Video recording is a bit concern. But never regret after buying it,Smart Watch,349
12050,5,Worth for money. Packing was good and everything claimed by Flipkart was there in the box. Nikon D5600 is really a DSLR camera with a lot of functions and an excellent quality of pics.,Smart Watch,184
12051,5,it is a good camera in a reasonable price.it is easy to handle and has descend battery back up.it was delivered safely.,Smart Watch,119
12052,4,Camera nd picture qlty is so nice. Delivery is also fine. This camera fullfill all the need. It work fine nd battery backup also fine. Nikon is best for Picture Quality and colours.,Smart Watch,181
12053,5,"Camera is pretty darn good as mentioned by other people. Bag was just pure awfulness, wore out in a few days.",Smart Watch,109
12054,5,Writing review after usage. very good camera and clarity also good. 70 to 300 lens is very good. Best camera at this price for beginners. I am also beginner and added my photos,Smart Watch,176
12055,4,Awesome purchase. Auto focussing and different effects are really positive of this product. Very impressive and easy to carry and handling.,Smart Watch,139
12056,5,Excellent buy. Camera with 18-140mm lens is quite compact for DSLR standards. Nikon interface is easy to use for the first time Nikon buyers. Touch has right sensitivity and response . that really helps to focus the object with a touch of the finger rather than fiddling around with buttons. Images are quite sharp even on 140mm range.  Flipkart delivery was a let down. delivery executive just handed over the package to security gate without informing me. And the package was crushed outside. L...,Smart Watch,499
12057,5,I have uploaded unboxing video on my YouTube channel ''Kushagra Porwal '' and firstly I have decided to buy Nikon D5300 instead of D5600 but only screen difference is there in both the cameras that D5300 has not a touch screen and D5600 has a touch screen and Nikon D5600 has a great video quality and has more functions Very good camera just go for it without any confusion and photo and video quality is also awesome. The camera has a flip screen which helps you to take selfies and is also goo...,Smart Watch,499
12058,5,"After too much of research i decided to buy d5600 with 18-140mm lens. Any beginner planning to buy DSLR, this is the right choice. It's my first DSLR & I'm really happy with the service & product. Thank you flipkart for delivering it the very next day. Awesome packaging & lower pro bag is pretty good.",Smart Watch,302
12059,5,My first DSLR. Nice and genuine camera sent by Flipkart. But was delivered after many followups and two weeks after the order. Got it for 34K (with one lens) on big billion day sale. Nice deal I guess.!! About picture quality and camera quality I will write soon.,Smart Watch,263
12060,4,"This is going to be quite funny.  I owned a Nikon D5200 and it pretty much served me well. I bought it for 16k from overkart (refurb) and it didn't have any complaints at all. Recently, I've been more into photography and thought of upgrading my d5200.  I didn't need a pro SLR as I ain't a full time photographer. But wanted a compact yet capable camera. I filtered out the suitable options and finally made into two ; Nikon D5600 and Canon 77d.  Now here begins the fun part. How to choose o...",Smart Watch,496
12061,5,"First of all, excellent delivery and packing by flipkart. amazing camera. very compact and small in size. easy to handle. stand kit lens 18-55 is good and af speed is super fast and super quiet.  only drawback - snapbridge is really bad !!",Smart Watch,239
12062,5,I've been using it since couple of days and it just impressed me. I am a beginner in photography yet this camera helped me capture some stunning shots.,Smart Watch,151
12063,5,"5 on 5 stars Excellent camera with awesome and crisp quality Easy to use for beginners with simple settings.. love this camera and the lens 18-140mm Bought it for 53,000/-",Smart Watch,171
12064,5,so overall experience was good but flipkart has to work on their problems regarding packaging. As a assured customer of a flipkart we believe in you while purchasing costly products so you should do packing well not only for your satisfaction but for customer satisfaction. when we saw product packing we felt a sheer disappointment..but we are giving 3/5 for early delivery of product only. so pleased work on it..,Smart Watch,415
12065,5,Great product from flipkart and delivery period is very short I just loved flipkart delivery time period.... And also I wants to thank flipkart for the free gift of Samsung Bluetooth headfone.. And have got the Bluetooth headset with the nikon d5600....now just wants to click and enjoy my photography with the camera....,Smart Watch,321
12066,5,"This one is master of Photography with Dual Kit Lens set, it is an amazing tool... awesome picture quality.  good sensor, nice shutter speed, larger range of ISO variation, 60fps video @1080P...makes it an awesome camera",Smart Watch,220
12067,5,"camera is 5 *, you can read enough on the net. Got at a very good deal , seller also shipped it on time but the courier ecom express delivered late , the outside box (carton ) was also damaged. Thankfully the inside packaging was good enough to prevent any damage. Flipkart and seller should ensure they send it via a reliable courier. I guess people will be willing to pay shipment to see their expensive items delivered on time and w/o damage. Btw I didnt receive any samsung headphone with the ...",Smart Watch,500
12068,4,"Excellent entry level dslr for someone who wants to upgrade from mobile photography. 2016 model but Nikon has not released any other camera in this range. Well packed. Received in good condition. 18-55 mm and 70-300 mm kit lenses are okay for beginners. However, to get pro like pics, one needs to learn some editing (all pro photographers shoots in RAW format and edit their pics) . The provided Nikon bag is okay to start with along with the two kit lenses. Image quality is superb. You can buy ...",Smart Watch,500
12069,5,Really a joy to use. Very good camera to start with. It is my first DSLR and I am really very happy with the images and the focus. Good for photography to begin with. Not so good for video as it hunts for focus when we move from a subject which is annoying. I don't do much video so I really love this camera?,Smart Watch,309
12070,5,Bought the camera as my first SLR camera being a enthusiatic amature photographer. The main reason to go for this over the D3500 is the rotating touch display which helps more than you think. The photography related aspects of the camera is identical to the D3500 but the features are more and AF points are also a bit more. In the world of fast growing mirrorless cameras the D5600 is truly still a great option for any entry level photographer. Most pohotographer do not need a full frame camera...,Smart Watch,500
12071,5,"Awesome choice for beginners. It is my first DSLR and I like it so much. Flipkart delivered it within the promised time. Wanted to tell about the bag, I received NIKON original bag.",Smart Watch,181
12072,5,"superb DSLR ,brought for my daughter very good pic. quality nd video quality with good sound,go for it without any ifs nd buts....... ...u will definitely like this product....",Smart Watch,176
12073,5,Just loving it every time I use it. It's handy and very convenient to handle.Images are mind blowing but you really need to use it manually for better results than auto mode. Flipkart took hardly a day to deliver it and the packing was good. Go for it without a second thought!,Smart Watch,277
12074,3,"Before time delivery, great service flipkart... Product is great as expected... Good discount... Nice packaging, Got wellness band free... Delighted",Smart Watch,148
12075,5,Bought the camera in a perfect deal. A nice cam that suits beginner to pro users with a lot many handy features. The 18-55 kit lens delivers a promising performance. I'm very much satisfied with it. Thanks Flipkart for a great deal.,Smart Watch,232
12076,5,Amazing product if one has the budget he should buy this camera with the dual lens because the combo pack is so good. The components was not even touched. and the components were also very clean and brand new the only thing that which I don't like is the proper bill with the guarantee warranty card. I don't get the warranty card inside the box so please mention that point overall the camera was good all the components for not even touched very clean and I will give this product 5 rates. Thank...,Smart Watch,500
12077,5,One of the best product in this price range. Picture quality is awesome. 0ackaging was good too and the delivery was at my doorstep. Thank you.,Smart Watch,143
12078,5,"I am writing this review after using one month. I have bought the camera at 42k with the dslr body & and 18-55mm kit lens. The image quality of this camera is really awesome & amd the kit lens works really well. Low light photography is preety good. If you're a beginner like me, this camera's functions would be slightly complicated but after a little bit experience, you'll be able to capture great quality pictures even without external equipments. I'll highly recommend you to buy this product...",Smart Watch,500
12079,5,"The product works exactly as promised. It is a very convenient dslr with built in intervalometer and a flip out display which makes the photo making process hassle free and more such features are worth paying a little extra than getting a D3500 or related segment camera.  Only DRAWBACK is that the battery life is low and the battery charger doesn't carry a warranty. My charger took its last breath right after one month of purchase, so I had to go for a 3rd party charger.  But overall I'd s...",Smart Watch,497
12080,5,Nice camera with good features and touch screen. Go for manual mode for learning good photography skills. Skills are more important than the camera itself,Smart Watch,154
12081,5,"Product is very good, all accessories are perfectly delivered. Camera quality is super, lense quality is good & brand new. 16 GB memory card & camera bag are also given with it. Lense cleaning kit is very useful & newly packed with warranty. It contains lense cleaner liquid, lense cleaner towel, lense cleaner tissue, cotton bud, dust blower and brush. The given uv filter doesn't bring any difference in photography, seems not so high in quality. Lense hood is also of good quality and it is tot...",Smart Watch,500
12082,5,A great camera for a beginner. Covers every aspect of photography. Easy to use and carry. Thanks to flipkart for such wonderful packaging of the product. I am a beginner and i have used it for 15 days n really loving it.,Smart Watch,220
12083,5,"The product is amazing, and is helping in my Business a lot, it is improving my photoshoots and videoshoots. Love to the Nikon and seller.",Smart Watch,138
12084,5,"There is need to update the product description page, The product details haven't mentioned anything about camera bag, But seller do provide it. I have received the Lowepro camera bag. As usual the customer support from Flipkart is worst and pathetic , the customer support guys not only delayed my order but also gave misleading information, which leads you to regret your decision to order from flipkart again.  But, great delivery support from Ekart, the Ekart delivery person has gone beyond ...",Smart Watch,499
12085,5,v nice product thank u fk and hdfc got alot of discount v happy nice product for beginners,Smart Watch,90
12086,5,"Writing a review after nearly one year. Working perfectly till date, no problems. Received it with company seal. Thanks Flipkart for making it available on EMI and that too on debit card of SBI. Kudos Flipkart. Keep up the good work.",Smart Watch,233
12087,4,"Camera is excellent. Just not satisfied with 18-55 mm lens, because i expect lens with automatic-manual switch. But this only manual lens. overall good product. and we get good quality images in 70-300 mm lens. great.",Smart Watch,217
12088,5,It is a awesome camera and very easy to use . I highly recommend it for beginners. The delivery was on time and was it was packaged nicely.,Smart Watch,139
12089,5,"First of all I am a new to the DSLR cameras.After a long search and continuous watching videos I decided to buy this camera.I read the all the reviews.Most of the reviews pointing towards the missing items and packaging.So I was ready to check the camera on arrival itself. 1)Camera package delivered before the expected date of delivery. 2)Packaging by Flipkart was awesome. 3)There is no seal breakage on D5600 as most of people wrote this one as negative. 3)Inside camera box,all items as per ...",Smart Watch,499
12090,5,"Well my review is supposed to be rated 4.5 rather than a 5, if I wrote this review without using the camera first. This camera is a great piece for people who are on a advanced beginner to a mid experience level. It offers all the functionalities that you would demand from a good DSLR and then it adds some tweaks here and there to spice up the experience for you.  What I was angry about was that the camera came with the AF-P lenses than AF-S lenses. Something I absolutely didn't see while ord...",Smart Watch,500
12091,3,"Amazing Big Billion Purchase...😍😍😍 By using HDFC card got grand 4000₹ dicount and bought this master piece in just 37,990 ₹ Thanks Flipkart and Hdfc for making this deal worth for me. Talking about camera its master piece no doubt about it. One important thing to mention while ordering this camera in description I did not noticed seller providing camera bag also. They mentioned they are just providing 16 gb sandisk ultra card with it. But bang on when camera arrived I surprised by lookin...",Smart Watch,495
12092,5,"owning my first DSLR 😎 first of all the seller shipped me a 4999₹ Lowepro Bag instead of Nikon bag 😋 which has awesome space management, I loved it. Got a 16 GB memory card. If I had got 32 GB once I would have loved it. Got two kit lenses as mentioned. Both are awesome and capable to give awesome results. have been used Nikon D7200 in past but due to budget issues I bought D5600. It''s an awesome camera according to budget and it's an entry level camera so in low light , higher iso you wil...",Smart Watch,498
12093,5,"great experience with canon d5600, camera pixel are very great ,good battery life , smooth touch screen ,but the carry bag quality is not so good ,both the lenses are good ,light weight, great experience with Flipkart one day delivery,good packed",Smart Watch,246
12094,5,Just grab it....!! You will not get disappointed... Being an enthusiast i am. Telling as photography is passion for me..butmy budget was not that great. So i bought this one with the dual kit lens (18-55mm and 70-300mm) lens. Additional to this i purchased Nikon afs dx 35mm f1.8G lowlight prime lens + nikon afs dx 18-140mm walkaround lens + nikon 85mm f1.8g portrait and wedding photography lens + nikon 40mm f2.8 macro lens. Along with that extension tube and reverse ring for macro. And a...,Smart Watch,495
12095,5,"Great delivery and great product. Although the packaging was missing the sd card, but flipkart was quick to address it and provide me a gift card for the value of that card. Much appreciated work by flipkart team.  About the camera, it is an awesome device. I tried clicking some pictures in the lockdown and I got some really great result.  More details to come after some usage",Smart Watch,379
12096,5,"One of the best cameras out there for beginners!!..It can be described a bridge between a beginner and a pro camera!!....it is just fab,the articulating screen is helpful so is the touchscreen,i am in complete love with this camera note-Only buy this camera iff you want to be a photographer,dont buy if you are into videography!",Smart Watch,329
12097,5,First of all thanks for Flipkart for delivering in two days. Camera is simply awesome and cute in size Light weight Beautiful architecture of camera structure so pleasant in hands never felt bulky Camera bag is provided as complimentary which is a good thing Battery backup is good too I am a beginner so I can't give technical review But I have heard from so many people this is a best camera to become a pro and even I felt the same Touch screen is awesome,Smart Watch,458
12098,5,best camera for beginners.. pretty easy to handle.. and great quality. for this price range this is the best. don't hesitate buying it.,Smart Watch,135
12099,5,"good graphic ,has good clarity for taking photos and doing video recording best camera",Smart Watch,86
12100,4,"Amazing camera with awesome features and cool and user-friendly ergonomics, best budget DSLR , nice built quality .",Smart Watch,115
12101,5,I am very happy with flipkart as my wish came true due to big billion days. This DSLR is quite very good in performance and easy to handle. A starter can take very good photos with the given kit lens.,Smart Watch,200
12102,4,"It's a awesome product, like dreams come true for me. very user-friendly features, handy. Comes with 16gb memory card, battery, adapter, dual lens, strap, bag & cam body. And the thing I must appreciate that, the fast delivery periode of Flipkart. thanks to flipkart and Nikon.",Smart Watch,277
12103,5,This is a very good camera to begin with but it's not just a beginner's camera it has some high end features as well. Easy to operate. Enjoying my use.,Smart Watch,151
12104,5,Camera is Very good and flip kart facility is also very good but camera bag is not satisfied me.... All things in this camera package is good this packaging is very good by flipkart.....,Smart Watch,186
12105,5,nice work and fast and their is many configurations and the best one in this price range but Nikon hv to improve it's manual copy which is just inside the retail box,Smart Watch,165
12106,5,I simply love it. great autofocus awesome outputs. It rocks my videos. you can watch quality on my youtube channel which is Tech Geeks,Smart Watch,134
12107,5,The camera is wonderful both lens are fine .The packing was also good the picture quality is fine. One should go for it.,Smart Watch,120
12108,5,Good DSLR . Bought on sale . Thanks Flipkart and Seller Retailnet .Good Service .Keep it up ! Image quality is execellent. Kit is enough for an aspiring photographer.My dream come true to own a DSLR .Flipkart made it possible with a good offer.,Smart Watch,244
12109,5,Very nice product. Thanks for retailnet seller for good packing and also got the 16gb memory card + camera bag (Nikon). As I am a beginner this is a very good camera to learn and to become a pro,Smart Watch,194
12110,5,Product was just amazing and I'm so much satisfied with the kit. I recommend people who are at the Beginning stage of photography.I should also appreciate the delivery person because the delivery is on time and he delivered the product with a smile such a good person.,Smart Watch,268
12111,5,Really a awesome dslr to go for. RAW images captured in this camera is very good and post processing results of images are also very good. As a photographer i’ll recommend this camera for beginners. Buy a prime lens separately with this camera and thats it. U are good to go.👍,Smart Watch,276
12112,4,I am not an expert in photography but I am happy with quality of images in auto mode. I am trying to learn other skills of photography and fortunately I found its the right product I have purchased for both beginners and for expert's.,Smart Watch,234
12113,5,If you want a super awesome dslr go for it. It has all the pro features you will ever need as a amateur photographer. Also go for a 50 mm lens if u want to shoot better bookeh effect,Smart Watch,182
12114,5,Amazing experience of this dslr camera . Great clarity in photos . Five stars from my side. SnapBridge app make available photos transfer to the phone directly,Smart Watch,159
12115,5,Nice DSLR. Bag provided is Lowepro NOT Nikon. But lowepro bag is of very good quality. There are two lenses. Nikon in their India website says the following : E-COMMERCE WEBSITES/PORTALS ARE NOT OUR AUTHORIZED PARTNERS/ DEALERS IN INDIA FOR SALE OF NIKON PRODUCTS OR ACCESSORIES. We advise you to check the warranty entitlements of the products sold through e-commerce websites/ portals under the brand name ‘Nikon’. But this was posted in their site on 09-09-2015. Who knows what changed after that.,Smart Watch,500
12116,5,Nice price nice camera delivered before time nice very well done flipkart 👍,Smart Watch,75
12117,5,"this is and amazing DSLR. this is my first one and I loved it, nice settings predefined and touch screen is best to use. nice images",Smart Watch,132
12118,5,"My first Ever DSLR....Lightweight body. Excellent DX sensor/image Quality Excellent handling, Nikkor 18-140 Super multipurpose Zooming, Really good product from Nikon.",Smart Watch,167
12119,4,Very Happy with Nikon D5600 got surprised gift from Nikon ( Samsung Level Bluetooth earphone worth ₹3000 ) + Cary Bag for DSLR ( which can eaisly hold both lenses AF-P DX 18 - 55 mm and 70 - 300 mm ). Thank you Nikon and Flipkart.,Smart Watch,230
12120,5,"awesome DSLR... clarity is superb , purchased at the best possible price.. thanks Flipkart",Smart Watch,90
12121,5,it was delivered next day and all the aspects checked working fine . it s an unsealed box . v good seller . thanks flipkart and seller for prompt delivery,Smart Watch,154
12122,4,Great product.. I gifted it to my daughter and she was very happy. Nice packing and delivered in time. Great work Guys..,Smart Watch,120
12123,5,"Good products at an good price , thanks to Flipkart and HDFC Bank cc for giving a good combined benefits  product well received, properly packed and with all add on as stated (bag was not stated but delivered with a basic Nikon bag ) Yet to try the camera for actual details , hence no comments on it . Improved service by Flipkart for this product",Smart Watch,348
12124,5,It's an awesome thing one can buy... Hasmd an eye on this camera since a long time... Thanks Flipkart ... Had it on freedom sale ... I am loving it...,Smart Watch,150
12125,5,"Lots of love to flipkart..... They have delivered the product within 2 days which was beyond expectation. Good product, good packaging and fast delivery. Highly impressed.",Smart Watch,171
12126,5,amazing,Smart Watch,7
12127,5,"the perfect DSLR for beginners, with a nice battery backup and more",Smart Watch,67
12128,5,Best deal ever... Thanks to fast delivery.... best value for money DSLR ...,Smart Watch,75
12129,5,Cool. wonderful...,Smart Watch,18
12130,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
12131,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
12132,5,First time I use this D5600 . New user of DSLR. I think this is best in this range..,Smart Watch,84
12133,5,Satisfied 😁Hi,Smart Watch,13
12134,5,overall this is very good for Beginners.BUT THE BATTERY BACKUP IS VERY LESS AS COMPARED TO D3500 During continuous shot the body heat rapidly.,Smart Watch,142
12135,5,just got today DSLR d5600..... camera is good,Smart Watch,45
12136,5,it's awesome!!!! ☺☺☺☺😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,25
12137,4,Nikond 5600+18-55mm,Smart Watch,19
12138,5,Nice to have this camera ।। overall its a good camera in budget ।।,Smart Watch,66
12139,5,good,Smart Watch,4
12140,5,photography In Nikon D5600,Smart Watch,26
12141,5,nice cam for beginners 👌,Smart Watch,24
12142,5,"If you are a beginner or semi pro or pro level photographer, it is a quite handy DSLR. I have used this camera for less than a month but i can bet if you see my images they are quite attracting.so Don't think much it's a genuine product just go for it.",Smart Watch,252
12143,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
12144,5,"Flipkart Team, I am sorry I couldn’t write my review earlier. Special thanks to the delivery team for handling the product with care. This is my first DSLR and I have been training myself from online videos. I have captured some of the pictures you may check out below. All of them are using the 70-300 mm lens. Flipkart team, could you please coordinate with Nikon and ask them to supply a better quality bag please? The bag quality is 2.5/5. Camera: 5/5 , Lens: 5/5 , Delivery: 5/5",Smart Watch,483
12145,5,It's more than better for beginners ! the features are are great !! Just go for it 🔥🔥,Smart Watch,85
12146,5,you can click awesome pictures..😍,Smart Watch,33
12147,5,excellent product in this price rang,Smart Watch,36
12148,5,"Excellent DSLR camera for beginners, photography hobbyists & to all, buy both lenses if you buying a camera first time.",Smart Watch,119
12149,5,good images,Smart Watch,11
12150,4,I am happy to purchase this D5600.. I am confuse which one I select nikon or canon and finally I select nikon with 18 - 140mm lens kit... I attached picture I click on this camera...,Smart Watch,182
12151,5,finally my dream in my hand .super image quality iam satisfied withoh this product,Smart Watch,82
12152,5,its just amazing ... i m using 18 _55 mm kit .. bt the bokeh effect is awsome and creamy .. all picture captured by 18-55mm kit lens,Smart Watch,132
12153,5,Simply Awesome Camera. 1. Performance - 10 Out of 10 2. Design-10 out of 10 3. Look -10 out of 10 4. Picture Quality -10 out of 10 5. Battery Backup -10 out of 10  OVER ALL - 10 OUT OF 10,Smart Watch,187
12154,5,This is my first DSLR camera. and i am'n love with this camera... 😍😍,Smart Watch,68
12155,5,superb product,Smart Watch,14
12156,5,awesome image quality....l,Smart Watch,26
12157,5,love it ! My first ever DSLR. It's awesome. ❤,Smart Watch,45
12158,4,its really a nice camera,Smart Watch,24
12159,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12160,5,excellent features...... awesome results....... digitally mindblowing product from Nikon.....nicely wrapped in economy price and delivered on time by Flipkart.,Smart Watch,159
12161,5,Just bought it today... Reviews will publish soon,Smart Watch,49
12162,5,"I m deeply confused in canon 200D and Nikon D5600, when i used both camera then i observed that in nikon more features and options to click various types of image and in canon more features to shoot video.finaly i got it in Rs.43999.But Mindblowing picture quality in both camera. If you need shoot photos and little bit video then i suggest go for Nikon D5600. And if your first priority to shoot videos and little bit photo then i highly recommend go for Canon 200DII.I personally suggest for be...",Smart Watch,500
12163,5,worth dslr camera...under 60k dslr camera this one 100% best,Smart Watch,60
12164,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
12165,5,Nice camera..,Smart Watch,13
12166,5,superb thanks flipkart. I bought it 36967 rs on BBD sale with two lenses. Awesome Deal .,Smart Watch,88
12167,5,Excellent 😍😍😍 I loved it ❤️,Smart Watch,27
12168,5,osm,Smart Watch,3
12169,5,everything is fine and good except nikon camra bag.all images has been captured by 70-300mm.,Smart Watch,92
12170,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12171,5,nice product.... Nikon is more improve there auto focus this is a week point of nikon,Smart Watch,85
12172,3,got it for 39k... simply super..it's a good camera for beginners to intermediate photographers..,Smart Watch,96
12173,5,awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
12174,5,nyc camera at this range. best picture quality,Smart Watch,46
12175,5,Mast hai yaar.. Best DSLR for Beginner and a great service from flipkart.,Smart Watch,73
12176,3,everything is great except the eye grip or something which keeps up Falling everytime!!!; Deserves all the five but that eye peice keeps Falling off so!✌️,Smart Watch,154
12177,5,Best camera quality. Really amazing... Thanks flipkart 😊,Smart Watch,56
12178,3,Picture quality is really good. This is my 2nd Nikon DSLR and I love this one.,Smart Watch,78
12179,5,Awesome Camera,Smart Watch,14
12180,5,Best gift I ever got ♥️,Smart Watch,23
12181,5,Its an amazing camera! those who are looking for mid range camera than go ahead! its has almost all features... go ahead,Smart Watch,120
12182,5,"Awesome camera, amazing, and flipkart service is also very good, delivered with safety. Thank You.",Smart Watch,98
12183,4,overall gd,Smart Watch,10
12184,5,One of the best camera of Nikon. Here are some of the images that has been taken with the camera.,Smart Watch,97
12185,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
12186,5,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
12187,5,wonderful camera..❤❤,Smart Watch,20
12188,5,great product,Smart Watch,13
12189,5,The best choice I have made in a while. Extremely satisfied with the product and the delivery. I had ordered the 18-140mm lens and 50mm prime lens separately.,Smart Watch,158
12190,4,"Best camera for mediocre as well as for a beginner. After using it for 1 month, I saw it can take appr. 600 pics in single charge and the picture quality is quite good. Recommended..",Smart Watch,182
12191,5,go for it..... mst hai mere bhai log ye camera..... for beginners👌🥰,Smart Watch,67
12192,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12193,5,Very nice cam. It with the zomm kit.Amazing with touch screen.,Smart Watch,62
12194,5,Awosome photography.,Smart Watch,20
12195,5,just brought this. seems ok. let's see.,Smart Watch,39
12196,5,awesome camera to buy🤟🤟,Smart Watch,23
12197,5,Nothing can match Nikon. Truly the best,Smart Watch,39
12198,5,Every nice cam.best performance.best shutter speed,Smart Watch,50
12199,5,"This was my worst experience with Flipkart, got the defective piece.",Smart Watch,68
12200,5,"amazing camera, beautiful UI..easy to use..",Smart Watch,43
12201,5,5 ***** awesome,Smart Watch,15
12202,5,Great camera I get great deal during Big Billion days,Smart Watch,53
12203,5,i loved it awesome product i have trusted flipkart for the electronic products and here i'm undoubtedly correct #jaihoflipkart,Smart Watch,126
12204,5,that is an amazing camera,Smart Watch,25
12205,5,Nice product 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀,Smart Watch,20
12206,1,Just awesome 👍,Smart Watch,14
12207,5,best,Smart Watch,4
12208,5,yeah all good ...but why you guys Remove the sticker (freebie) n the box...,Smart Watch,75
12209,5,Mind blowing purchase Very nice camera Beautiful Full paisa vasool Value for money,Smart Watch,82
12210,5,best camera,Smart Watch,11
12211,5,one of the best camera for biginers.. no issues found.. happy with pictures quality... love this camera..,Smart Watch,105
12212,5,"Very Best Camara, The Photo Clarify Is Ossum... Wonderfull Product,. Thank You Flipkart For Faster Delivery...",Smart Watch,110
12213,5,Love this,Smart Watch,9
12214,5,Meri jaan my love 😍 finally dream complete DSLR. 👌,Smart Watch,50
12215,5,Superb camera,Smart Watch,13
12216,5,nice product and good service by flipkart...,Smart Watch,44
12217,5,"Do not buy this Extremely disappointed with the product, I received first with defective charger adapter.. again I replaced then I received with worst and cheap quality kit bag. I bought this for my father as a B-Day gift... really disappointed.I was great lover of flip kart but Im not gonna use anymore. Fed up",Smart Watch,312
12218,5,"Hello All, I have bought this product - Dslr with high expectations that it would be a great start to the professional level of DSLR. However, within a months time, most of the features of the camera stopped working. The features which stopped working are: 1. Touch Screen 2. View Toggler(LV toggle) 3. On-Board buttons e.g. Review image, Info, AE-AF lock and Menu button. 4. Zoom-In/Out button 5. Delete button 6. Video mode button  The Seller which sold this product is very bad and disappointin...",Smart Watch,500
12219,5,Very good camera.. Go for it,Smart Watch,28
12220,5,Best entry leave dslr for all type photography specially for beginners,Smart Watch,70
12221,4,company was verry good but fllipkart has mera bad,Smart Watch,49
12222,5,Wonderful camera for beginners in this price range.,Smart Watch,51
12223,5,Liked the product. Yet to explore.,Smart Watch,34
12224,1,its just awesome product.,Smart Watch,25
12225,1,Excellent Camera n on time delivery by flipcart.,Smart Watch,48
12226,5,nice one lovely lens... and many function.. very dood,Smart Watch,53
12227,5,nice photography awaysome,Smart Watch,25
12228,5,"Excellent DSLR, but only issue that there is written in the box 16 GB memory card but I haven't found.",Smart Watch,102
12229,5,i like flipkart,Smart Watch,15
12230,5,Everyone can trust Flipkart for this product.,Smart Watch,45
12231,5,Product is very good but Flipkart seller Retailnet removed free Samsung Bluetooth headset (Level U) from the bag and outer plastic bag was torn to remove the headphone very bad experience shopping from flipkart.,Smart Watch,211
12232,5,Photography is best camera video autofocus not improve in Nikon....😉😉,Smart Watch,69
12233,4,"Mind blowing camera , fully satisfied",Smart Watch,37
12234,5,very nice camerw,Smart Watch,16
12235,4,nice camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
12236,4,Superb,Smart Watch,6
12237,5,really really an awsome thing is it! love ittt.😘😘😘👌,Smart Watch,51
12238,1,bad experience,Smart Watch,14
12239,4,"Awesome product, happy with Nikon d5600",Smart Watch,39
12240,5,Wow 😲 amazing that Nikon 5600D 💗You should be use it once 😏,Smart Watch,59
12241,5,Osm picture quality,Smart Watch,19
12242,5,Thanks to Flipkart for the awesome quality of the DSLR . Got it at only 44K.,Smart Watch,76
12243,5,best product! all thanks to flipkart! satisfied!,Smart Watch,48
12244,5,"Great Product But Seller - RetailNet Are Cheats Abd Do Not Delivwr Lowepro Bag As Advertised. Had To Raise The Issue With Flipkart Who Gave Me A Gift Card Of ₹2,500/- For The Bag. Thumbs-Up For Flipkart But Avoud The Seller.",Smart Watch,224
12245,1,Seller does not provide the freebies Samsung level u Bluetooth headset.Thumbs up for Flipkart. But how a seller remove the freebies by tearing the seal pack?? Pls help Flipkart and provide me the headphone asap.Thanking you.,Smart Watch,224
12246,5,osm picture quality,Smart Watch,19
12247,5,awesome dslr camera😱,Smart Watch,20
12248,5,awesome product...and the delivery was good and fast...,Smart Watch,55
12249,5,awesome product,Smart Watch,15
12250,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
12251,1,Nice details of body structure in Night indoor click.,Smart Watch,53
12252,4,very good Nikon d 5600 DSLR camera,Smart Watch,34
12253,5,I m just a beginner but camera is more than what a beginner deserve..I loved it,Smart Watch,79
12254,5,"Camera is awesome. Am giving 1 star because they haven't gave me SD Card & Camera bag, which is free of cost for new buyer in any platform. I request to flipkart kindly check otherwise many will lost trust from your app..",Smart Watch,221
12255,5,Worst it's already open box and not included with memory card & camera bag,Smart Watch,74
12256,5,It's make our memory special 😍,Smart Watch,30
12257,5,"In a single line "" 10 out of 5"" Perfect DSLR for beginners.",Smart Watch,59
12258,5,Mast product and full Hd delivered in fast,Smart Watch,42
12259,5,Very good camera & very good capture,Smart Watch,36
12260,5,super products Thanks flipkar...,Smart Watch,32
12261,1,brilliant capture all images.. lovely go for it..🥰❤️📸,Smart Watch,53
12262,1,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12263,5,Worst experience with Flipkart customer service.,Smart Watch,48
12264,5,best camera ..for beginners .....🤟🤟 easy to use....,Smart Watch,51
12265,5,Awesome camera for beginners and hobbyist.,Smart Watch,42
12266,5,awesome camera ???,Smart Watch,18
12267,5,Nice camera for the beginners,Smart Watch,29
12268,5,BEST camera in this price segment.,Smart Watch,34
12269,5,A BIG THANKS TO THE EKART DELIVERY EXECUTIVE.. He was very supportive 🙌  This is my first camera so far.. so I'm learning.. and as per the pictures are really very good.,Smart Watch,169
12270,1,today my dream is fullfil super cam 😍,Smart Watch,37
12271,5,very good product,Smart Watch,17
12272,5,Worst seller ever,Smart Watch,17
12273,5,not good.,Smart Watch,9
12274,5,camera is cool but need to analyze but the freebie samsung headset not provided...really very disappointed,Smart Watch,106
12275,4,"This is really an excellent and full featured camera in this budget. Delivery was good, absolutely no complain.",Smart Watch,111
12276,4,Product is awesome as described by others but slight disappointed by the mechanised approach of Flipkart for delivery I need this product slight early but even after product arrived one day before they have not delivered or arrange delivery as per my repeated request .  Rest product is genuine with nice bag .  No need to elaborate for Nikon 5600 specification and capabilities .,Smart Watch,380
12277,5,Really aswm।।। If u confused between nikon D5600 or canon 200 ..go for nikon D5600..i am using this from somedays ago and i'm very very satisfied...,Smart Watch,148
12278,5,"I got original product, before the delivery i had so tensed about negative reviews about the same seller. Finally it was delivered with good packaging and genuine products. I bought it during big billion day offer 44900 only with hdfc bank offer. Thank you flipkart and hdfc bank. Thank you retailnet ( seller).",Smart Watch,311
12279,1,"Shots will speak for itself. I wouldn't recommend Delhivery Logistics(always delayed delivery and bad handling) at all, worst possible service, thanks to Nikon packing which have kept the device safe and ofcourse Flipkart for providing the best rate. Awesome purchase if one is confused between 200d mark ii and Nikon d5600. Don't think just go for it.",Smart Watch,352
12280,1,Superb camera for biginers. And Nikon is always love❤️. I am confused between Nikon d5600 and Canon 200d mark2 but I choose Nikon and I am very satisfied 😇..... Thank you flipkart 🤗🙏... But when I first order it its display show some problem and I replace it and now it is fine.,Smart Watch,278
12281,3,Loved it :),Smart Watch,11
12282,5,"Totally satisfied with the product! It's light weight, easy to carry. Picture quality is excellent. Even at high ISO, you will find very little amount of noise. Just go for it.",Smart Watch,176
12283,5,Best Camera in Range.,Smart Watch,21
12284,5,Very useful camera for beginners...one can buy it without hesitation..,Smart Watch,70
12285,5,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
12286,5,Nikon 5600 Best camera,Smart Watch,22
12287,5,just Awesome ♥️♥️,Smart Watch,17
12288,5,Nice camera and it's my first DSLR,Smart Watch,34
12289,4,"Exquisite for the beginners..you can enjoy every taste of the canvas, of the photographs",Smart Watch,88
12290,5,awesome for first time photographer. Shoot only in manual mode. you will be the owner of awesome photos.,Smart Watch,104
12291,5,very nice,Smart Watch,9
12292,4,All good and thanks for the fast delivery👍👍👍😊😊😊😊.....N I think u should opt for it.,Smart Watch,83
12293,4,Thank you so much flipkart for this product and Nikon D 5600 dslr is best dslr camera.,Smart Watch,86
12294,5,No Words can describe how happy I am for receiving this camera on time. Flipkart took the utmost care for it's customers and left no store unturned for any of the services it provided. The Camera is as per description and I'm still getting to know it so will post a further review soon.,Smart Watch,286
12295,4,Awesome product...,Smart Watch,18
12296,5,camera bag is not original,Smart Watch,26
12297,5,superb camera...,Smart Watch,16
12298,5,Photos are best from all cami.!,Smart Watch,31
12299,5,Awesome camera... Produce sharp image... Light weight camera.. Brilliant battery backup...,Smart Watch,90
12300,5,superb,Smart Watch,6
12301,5,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
12302,4,I had ordered Nikon D5600 with 18-140mm VR lens but I received Nikon D5600 with Dual kit lenses (18-55)mm and (70-300). please replace it. very disappointing service by Flipkart... if there is a option for -100* then I woul like to give -100* to Flipkart,Smart Watch,254
12303,2,"Although camera is undoubtedly good. The bag provided by the seller is very pathetic. Also, During diwali there was an offer from Nikon to get free Samsung Bluetooth earphones as well wich was also not provided by the seller. The CD user manual was also missing from the package.",Smart Watch,279
12304,5,seller didnt give the freebies item ( samsung u earphone ) .i confirm it from croma store and nikon store also they said we provide samsung wireless earphone with nikon d5600.and clearly visible that the freebies sticker removed from the box .request to seller dont do this .,Smart Watch,275
12305,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12306,5,superb,Smart Watch,6
12307,5,Good Camera Setup for beginners,Smart Watch,31
12308,5,"I don't know much about dslr cameras, I'm adding some pics",Smart Watch,58
12309,1,nice products,Smart Watch,13
12310,1,I dont have that much experience in camera but I felt good with handling this. I have attached some sample here...without any effect....direct click only.,Smart Watch,154
12311,3,Better than any other camera,Smart Watch,28
12312,3,The memory card is mentioned on the box to be inside but it was not there.Except this the product is nice.,Smart Watch,106
12313,5,"Ordered Nikon D5600 DSLR Camera Body with Dual Lens: AF-P DX Nikkor 18 - 55 MM F/3.5-5.6G VR and 70-300 MM F/4.5-6.3G ED VR (16 GB SD Card)  Please Note the below information is not incorrect as this is the package I had received and still awaiting replacement. The image is not fake  When the box was unpacked what was inside: Nikon F55 (used and broken piece), new Nikon bag, 1 packet Tata salt and nothing else inside the box ( no battery,charger,manual,warranty etc) . Flipkart has acknowledg...",Smart Watch,499
12314,5,packing is great and also got samsung level headphone as gft.,Smart Watch,61
12315,3,Ruff and tuff body. Good technology. Many features. Enjoyable. Image quality is good compared to taking mobile picture quality.,Smart Watch,127
12316,5,Best camera in this Price range. Love it. Super experience.,Smart Watch,59
12317,5,Best camera nikon d5600,Smart Watch,23
12318,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
12319,4,Good and awesome quality,Smart Watch,24
12320,1,Nice 👌 product 💯,Smart Watch,16
12321,5,"Very bad packaging, looks like tempered.. Also the focusing system has some serious issue. Cannot be able to change aperture in live view. Really bad experience",Smart Watch,160
12322,5,This is good products,Smart Watch,21
12323,5,Amazing experience with my 1st ever dslr...super picture quality,Smart Watch,64
12324,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
12325,5,Loved the camera and it's features. Most useful feature is the Wifi option. Only problem faced is with the Wi-Fi connectivity with phone through SnapBridge app which is a bit tricky at times.,Smart Watch,191
12326,5,Awesome Performance.!! It’s My 1st DSLR.!! Impressed ❤️,Smart Watch,55
12327,5,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
12328,4,Awesome Camera🔥❤️Go for it!!!🥰,Smart Watch,30
12329,5,The best..,Smart Watch,10
12330,5,"Nice product , worthy, value for money",Smart Watch,38
12331,5,Absolutely no probs in the delivery... Amazing product.... Satisfies all norms...,Smart Watch,81
12332,5,Nikon D5600,Smart Watch,11
12333,5,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
12334,5,Good Camera Go for it...,Smart Watch,24
12335,5,Good One 😍,Smart Watch,10
12336,5,Received it for 38000/- 1. You will get 2 lens. 2. You get a Nikon camera bag. Great Packing .,Smart Watch,94
12337,5,first shoot,Smart Watch,11
12338,5,Got it at 38999 rs in big billion days. Nice camera. two kit lens and camera body.awesome.,Smart Watch,90
12339,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
12340,5,"But it guys, and get a 50mm prime lens. I've got a girlfriend now because of this dslr. Thanks Nikon for filling up this void in my life. Touch screen really makes life easy.",Smart Watch,174
12341,4,excellent..,Smart Watch,11
12342,5,"Got it for around 38k during bbd with two lens.overall build quality is very good,happy to have it over canon 77d ,which is bit costly then this and it give almost similar image quality as 77d.",Smart Watch,193
12343,5,Ultimate product for photography,Smart Watch,32
12344,4,good,Smart Watch,4
12345,4,-Exceptional picture quality. -Nikon's colour science. -Great Low light performance. -Battery life. -Flipout LCD. -Great for filmmaking. -Small size.   Though i didnt get the bluetooth head set given as goodie by flipkart. I didnt understand why i wasnt applicable to get goodie.,Smart Watch,279
12346,5,nice product...,Smart Watch,15
12347,5,awesome camera in this price range.. along with picture quality.. got dual lenses(18-55 and 70-300 mm afp vr) and 16 gb card.,Smart Watch,125
12348,5,osm gift of my life. nikon d5600 is amazingly,Smart Watch,45
12349,5,This is my first investment for study... This product Nikon D5600 with 15 to 55 mm kit lens is really great and best for me as a beginner in photography... This product is totally fine.. No defects founded by me in this... Over all hats off Nikon,Smart Watch,246
12350,5,fabulous deal,Smart Watch,13
12351,4,"Everything in the camera is good, but if you buy this from store, a Samsung bluetooth headset worth Rs 3000 is complementary with any DSLR camera, but if you buy from here seller doesn't send the bluetooth headset. This is the cheating as nikon himself is giving complementary headset, then what is the problem with seller for sending the same. Camera is fantastic and both the lenses are working superb. Thanks",Smart Watch,411
12352,5,NICEEEE CAMERA,Smart Watch,14
12353,5,"In the Entry level DSLR category, this is the best option. D5600 is compared to 200D, but in real word 5600 fairs much better in all areas. Go for it!!",Smart Watch,151
12354,5,Garda product,Smart Watch,13
12355,5,camera is fine but the free Samsung Bluetooth headphone was not provided,Smart Watch,72
12356,5,"Everything is ok, but I got a camera backpack instead I wanted a sling bag to carry my camera. Now this sometimes make me uneasy to carry both laptop and camera together. So if you are looking for a backpack with the camera then no doubt, go for it but if you want a sling bag then, i think you should confirm it first from their services. Happy Clicking!",Smart Watch,355
12357,5,BATTERY SUPPLIED WITH CAMERA IS NOT OK. DISCHARGED WITH IN DAY WHILE TAKING ONLY AROUND 50-60 CLIKS.  NOT SATISFIED,Smart Watch,115
12358,3,"Flipkart has given surprised bag with camera. 5600 - No review/comments required, it's more than expected.",Smart Watch,106
12359,5,amazing deliver...and got cheapest price 48k with dual lense kit...thank you tech connect retail...and love you flipcart...,Smart Watch,123
12360,5,good product. very nice,Smart Watch,23
12361,5,awesome feature and picture,Smart Watch,27
12362,3,Great,Smart Watch,5
12363,5,best for photography comparing by canon in this price range..a big thums up for nikkon,Smart Watch,86
12364,2,Camera is fantastic,Smart Watch,19
12365,5,Good & very nice image quality. only camera is heating early.,Smart Watch,61
12366,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
12367,4,I took that camera before a moth back and I am clicking like professional photographer. Nikon Arrange Classes for new Conner and products give satisfaction.  Thanks to Nikon...!!!!  East ya West Nikon is the best DSLR Manufacturer...!!!,Smart Watch,236
12368,5,Nice camera good quality,Smart Watch,24
12369,4,Amazing product and very good,Smart Watch,29
12370,5,Nikon d5600 is Very Good Camera 📷❤ Osm picture 🖼️ And I love Nikon 5600D😇❤🔰 😍😍🥰🥰📸📸🔥🔥🔥😘😘,Smart Watch,87
12371,4,"the product is awesome...no doubt about that....some people complain that 18-55mm lens has limited features, but according to me..it's a fabulous lens to have...in ur lens range.For every beginner,I would recommend to go with dual lens kit.Its because this will help them learn n grow their photography skill very quickly.I will give 4 stars because...the kit bag I was provided was incomplete... that is the bag strip was missing...other wise everything was fine.",Smart Watch,464
12372,4,I'm happy with product as it is but I'm really disappointed with the seller.. when i received my product i got it without SD Card. over all I'm happy with product Kit lens is ok no so good but not so bad either.,Smart Watch,211
12373,5,"I love this camera, it has multiple features. but battery back up is too bad, only 300 shots battery down,,.",Smart Watch,108
12374,5,very bad,Smart Watch,8
12375,5,happy this product but cd user guide data cable missing,Smart Watch,55
12376,5,Nice lens quality. Interest on photography is increased to new level,Smart Watch,68
12377,5,It's really vary nice cam. The touch screen and the Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and the zooming kit r vary depending.,Smart Watch,109
12378,4,Very disgusting,Smart Watch,15
12379,4,"superb quality ,my first dslr",Smart Watch,29
12380,4,Unexpected camera display not working after 3 months,Smart Watch,52
12381,1,very bad product no shopping form Flipkart camara is Hang camara is good but not take in Flipkart please shopping other shop,Smart Watch,124
12382,4,worst lens 18-140mm. Here AF and VR has been not working properly. So am going to return the product.,Smart Watch,101
12383,4,awesome Cam I love it,Smart Watch,21
12384,5,Stopped after 4 month...,Smart Watch,24
12385,1,Good quality.,Smart Watch,13
12386,4,Best mid range camera,Smart Watch,21
12387,1,it's too good D5600 Nikon,Smart Watch,25
12388,1,Very good product and wonderful intial experience. Got an excellent deal,Smart Watch,72
12389,1,"Dear sir, I have not rubber eyecup with box ow every thing is ok. Thank you for fast delivery. If possible please send me eyecup ASAP",Smart Watch,133
12390,3,This product is worth of money. Happy buying this.,Smart Watch,50
12391,1,Best cam.,Smart Watch,9
12392,5,Without bag,Smart Watch,11
12393,4,good,Smart Watch,4
12394,5,Seller Not given memory card and Nikon bag for this product. Good camera for beginners.,Smart Watch,87
12395,5,Very nice camera....,Smart Watch,20
12396,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
12397,5,Very good...,Smart Watch,12
12398,5,Camera is good. but camera bag should be provided.,Smart Watch,50
12399,1,good DSLR,Smart Watch,9
12400,5,"Very good cam for beginners. Best in this segment but, the video quality and autofocus system in video is very bad if you want to only for photos then undoubtedly go for this.",Smart Watch,175
12401,4,Super fine quality,Smart Watch,18
12402,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
12403,5,Still not received the product....worst experience.... shameful work done by Flipkart with Plus member.,Smart Watch,103
12404,5,Great product really awesome picture quality.But kit bag not received.Yet fully I have not reviewed.,Smart Watch,100
12405,5,Awesome 😎,Smart Watch,9
12406,4,GOOD IN FOR BEGINER I LOVED ILTHIS ONE MY FAV DSLR IT IS 🥰🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,61
12407,5,One of the best DSlR's to have.,Smart Watch,31
12408,4,"I was confuse between canon 200d II and nikon d5600 but Now I love this camera, best camera for beginners 🌀",Smart Watch,107
12409,4,This camera is nice I love this camera,Smart Watch,38
12410,1,Amazing product 70 - 300 lens could capture distance of 12 km far object,Smart Watch,72
12411,4,Best camera ever,Smart Watch,16
12412,3,Photo shoot no1 camera nikon d5600,Smart Watch,34
12413,5,My camra dislpay not wrking,Smart Watch,27
12414,5,Good quality Awesome product,Smart Watch,28
12415,5,The results are really good. If you are a beginner like me then go for this camera with dual lenses. Sharing some of the pictures taken by this camera.,Smart Watch,151
12416,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
12417,4,Best for beginners,Smart Watch,18
12418,5,Nikon D5600 Camera 18-140mm lens,Smart Watch,32
12419,5,Bad cam,Smart Watch,7
12420,1,In love with the camera,Smart Watch,23
12421,5,My choice nikon d5600😍❤💯,Smart Watch,24
12422,5,Very good photography Easy to use... Snap bridge With Bag and memory card,Smart Watch,73
12423,4,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12424,4,Super quality of photos and nice to use,Smart Watch,39
12425,5,Awesome snaps...,Smart Watch,16
12426,1,"good quality image, awesome camera",Smart Watch,34
12427,5,Nice camera for beginners!!,Smart Watch,27
12428,5,Nice product.,Smart Watch,13
12429,5,Best Camera Quality ...Thank you so much Nikon,Smart Watch,46
12430,5,Awesome camera and best choice for beginners and value for money,Smart Watch,64
12431,5,Battery charger stopped working after a week,Smart Watch,44
12432,4,Nice product everything is good but except the battery slot is too hard too open,Smart Watch,80
12433,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
12434,4,Adding the review after using it for 10days.. Flipkart delivered it very soon(after 2days of ordering). Good packing and good delivery.  Camera performance is simply awesome..Best product for this price range.,Smart Watch,209
12435,4,Very nice to taking photography and i am buying this model Nikon d5600 is very good,Smart Watch,83
12436,5,Value for money ? I love very much,Smart Watch,34
12437,5,Under 50k best camera !!,Smart Watch,24
12438,1,Best camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
12439,5,Good product.. i am very satisfied....,Smart Watch,38
12440,5,𝓥𝓮𝓻𝔂 𝓰𝓸𝓸𝓭 𝓮𝔁𝓬𝓮𝓵𝓵𝓮𝓷𝓽,Smart Watch,19
12441,4,Best quality camera,Smart Watch,19
12442,5,"Worth buying this camera, especially 70/300 lens. Buy with no fear.",Smart Watch,67
12443,5,Super he yarr,Smart Watch,13
12444,5,Best beginners dslr from nikon.,Smart Watch,31
12445,5,Brought it for 39000 Nice Purchase Loved it,Smart Watch,43
12446,5,Very good DSLR value for money,Smart Watch,30
12447,5,D5600 shooting picture,Smart Watch,22
12448,5,nice shot in light area,Smart Watch,23
12449,5,"Memory card is not inside it. Rest of all, Value for money 🙂",Smart Watch,60
12450,5,"Wow, so nice camera. thanks for flipkart and specially thanks seller for fast delivery",Smart Watch,86
12451,5,Good picture quality.,Smart Watch,21
12452,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
12453,5,best dslr in this 36000 range,Smart Watch,29
12454,5,good quality pictures,Smart Watch,21
12455,5,image quality too bed,Smart Watch,21
12456,1,not safe money to buy product from Flipkart,Smart Watch,43
12457,5,Camera lens have crashes and looks like camera is old,Smart Watch,53
12458,5,Perfect Click...🥰,Smart Watch,17
12459,4,The Camera is awesome...its a professional DSLR.,Smart Watch,48
12460,5,very good purchase,Smart Watch,18
12461,5,"Why Rates are fluctuate every day. It's seems that, I am in lose with flipkart .",Smart Watch,80
12462,2,All in one... Best camera forever,Smart Watch,33
12463,1,Simply Awesome,Smart Watch,14
12464,1,image quality is very good.... best Camera in Nikon D5600,Smart Watch,57
12465,4,it's worth of money 😍 you'll love it for sure,Smart Watch,45
12466,5,I replaced my product but this issue can’t resolve,Smart Watch,50
12467,5,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
12468,4,I m Soo happy thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,32
12469,5,stopped working in just 2 months,Smart Watch,32
12470,4,it is very good camera,Smart Watch,22
12471,5,Camera is good but Lance is not good.,Smart Watch,37
12472,5,"very bad experience,from day 4 it stop working,now waiting for it replacement,dont know what will happen next.",Smart Watch,110
12473,1,good,Smart Watch,4
12474,5,Don't buy from flipkart.,Smart Watch,24
12475,5,It's a nice camera. The zoom capacity of 70-300mm is too good. It made in Thailand. The best value for purchase is 45k-48k,Smart Watch,122
12476,1,Best Product By Nikon👌,Smart Watch,22
12477,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
12478,1,awesome camera quality. very very happy. .. 😘😘,Smart Watch,46
12479,1,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
12480,4,"Pakka clearty, semaaaaaaa camera I got this one 26000 of big billion day",Smart Watch,72
12481,2,Best camera at this price range unfortunately go for it,Smart Watch,55
12482,5,I am a new beginner into photography. after doing analysis of which camera will suits to learning. For that I purchased Nikon D5600 because I feel it has good features for entry level dslr as quality of image really good.  I haven't used it much but now I am investing my time to do proper camera settings before any photography session.  Worth buying all I can say.,Smart Watch,366
12483,5,very nice camera📷 picture quality is too good 👍,Smart Watch,47
12484,5,got in big billion days sales i thought i will recieve defect product r used one because of price that has been decreased on this but thanks to flipkart it delivered completely new and genuine product i am completely happy and coming to camera the samples r below that i have taken overall best dslr for beginers,Smart Watch,312
12485,5,I have purchased at 35000.,Smart Watch,26
12486,5,Very good camera .Purchased in only Rs.39000.Thankx to FLIPKART,Smart Watch,63
12487,5,Good product...,Smart Watch,15
12488,4,Awesome DSLR..I got with combo kit in awesome price..RS..38999... on Big Billion Day.... Thanks.... GO FOR IT GUYS...,Smart Watch,117
12489,4,Overall nice DSLR. recommended for beginners.,Smart Watch,45
12490,5,its just awesome😍😍😍,Smart Watch,19
12491,5,best dslr,Smart Watch,9
12492,5,very good,Smart Watch,9
12493,5,I am going to sell three months old this model because I need money. contact seven25304340three This is a wonderful mid range camera.,Smart Watch,133
12494,3,quick delivery thanks flipcort. nikon d5600 super camera. ithave touch focus. very super. easy friendly use camera.,Smart Watch,115
12495,5,Osm click,Smart Watch,9
12496,5,awesome pictures quality ❤️😍,Smart Watch,28
12497,5,nice product and picture quality is awesome 🤞,Smart Watch,45
12498,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
12499,4,dream cam,Smart Watch,9
12500,5,Mind blowing camera.. Just excellent 😍😍,Smart Watch,39
12501,5,soo nice.if your budget is under 50 than go for it.dont rethink just close your eye and buy it.i found best part of this camera is touch screen its so responsive. also provided bag was excellent.,Smart Watch,195
12502,5,very good camera,Smart Watch,16
12503,5,packing was good. product was upto the mark the camera has a well to do autofocus and the lens are superb,Smart Watch,105
12504,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
12505,5,Amazing product and as expected amazing flip kart service. i got a free samsung u level wireless as well.,Smart Watch,105
12506,5,good photography,Smart Watch,16
12507,5,completely satisfied with product and flipkart service.♥️,Smart Watch,57
12508,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
12509,5,"Nice Camera, best for beginners",Smart Watch,31
12510,4,For beginners it's awesome,Smart Watch,26
12511,5,value for money... great cam... I would suggest you to buy a zoom lens too because it will become more handy,Smart Watch,108
12512,5,"Amazing camera , Ultimate power",Smart Watch,31
12513,4,great camera,Smart Watch,12
12514,5,Awesome Camera..........Loved it,Smart Watch,32
12515,5,This is the best camera. ❤️,Smart Watch,27
12516,5,"Awesome and absolutely new product with Camera Strap, camera bag, rechargeable battery and charger.",Smart Watch,99
12517,5,super camera thnq to Flipkart..,Smart Watch,31
12518,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
12519,5,awesome product.,Smart Watch,16
12520,5,Finally I got ...... Just awesome....,Smart Watch,37
12521,5,Nikon is the best.I can't write anything for Nikon but very good service by Flipkart.I got old and dusty camera from the seller.I called Flipcart customer care told about the damaged camera they helped me immediately full replacement was done .I got new and fresh camera. Nice keep it up Flipcart,Smart Watch,296
12522,5,lenshood is free along with the camera ?,Smart Watch,40
12523,5,osmm camera,Smart Watch,11
12524,5,very very very good product. ...I like it...Thank you flipkert...,Smart Watch,65
12525,3,Awsome,Smart Watch,6
12526,5,amazing camera .......😍😍,Smart Watch,24
12527,5,Camera bad,Smart Watch,10
12528,5,Thanks Flipkart for the best deal of my 1st DSLR camera. Now time to learn..😊😊😊,Smart Watch,79
12529,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12530,4,camera was good and overall...spent close to 1lac rupees for joining Flipkart plus buying this camera and other stuff 🤣🤣....dangg... regrets after regrets,Smart Watch,154
12531,5,"Item received in cared pack and good condition. The camera supplied is brand new and in perfect condition. Only thing the battery was in a open pack, don't know whether it is Company's standard practice or otherwise.",Smart Watch,216
12532,5,This is good camera,Smart Watch,19
12533,5,"no CD no Cable has been given, but the product is good.",Smart Watch,55
12534,5,Excellent only two daya Delivery  Awesome camera,Smart Watch,48
12535,5,battery is too dry fast ... only 250 to 300 photos taken for full charge..,Smart Watch,74
12536,5,camera is good. but battery did not available. had to buy.,Smart Watch,58
12537,5,good,Smart Watch,4
12538,4,this product is very good,Smart Watch,25
12539,5,really fantastic camera .....I love it,Smart Watch,38
12540,4,"delivered on day before, nice packing by seller, product include Samsung Bluetooth round of neck earphone, Nikon bag, 16gb card .",Smart Watch,129
12541,5,I love this product... Good packing by seller.,Smart Watch,46
12542,4,best camera,Smart Watch,11
12543,5,No complaint .superb product.,Smart Watch,29
12544,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
12545,5,Freeby UCB band of worth 3999 not get with box . But product is awesome.,Smart Watch,72
12546,4,"Its a beast At 40,000 no camera can meet the expectations of a photograph better than Nikon D 5600 just go for it ,worth every penny ,video quality is out of this world ,With snap Bridge and wireless function you just need to click and share on WhatsApp Facebook Instagram etc.",Smart Watch,277
12547,5,Good 9recording more than 4k video,Smart Watch,34
12548,5,Awesome quality I am satisfied that quality,Smart Watch,43
12549,5,perfect for photography,Smart Watch,23
12550,5,bad quality,Smart Watch,11
12551,5,Awesome! Product,Smart Watch,16
12552,5,I didnt get the lowpro bag or samsung headphone which come with nikon d 5600 and you r also not taking the complain i got a low quality nikon bag,Smart Watch,145
12553,4,i got stones,Smart Watch,12
12554,4,Image Quality Is Nice,Smart Watch,21
12555,5,It is amazing iam very confused to buy this or canon 200 d|| but i bought this one and i think my choice is very good the image of my friend as you see,Smart Watch,151
12556,5,Awsome Product,Smart Watch,14
12557,1,very nice and awesome camera for beginners....,Smart Watch,46
12558,5,it's very worthy product ..... must buy .....nd also suitable for bigganer ✌️,Smart Watch,77
12559,4,best cammra fast delivery thanks retailnet seller,Smart Watch,49
12560,1,Product is Good and Ok but I received a defect Motorola headphone. complint raised but Cust care said Whole product should be return including Camera. this is not fair. Flipkart giving defect part for free.,Smart Watch,206
12561,5,Not good product,Smart Watch,16
12562,5,"Nikon D5600 is good , but data cable & CD not included.",Smart Watch,55
12563,5,"product is really good.  very poor delivery by courier service delhivery, delayed by 3weeks.  unprofessional behavior from Flipkart customer service and as well delhivery representative.",Smart Watch,186
12564,5,i am feeling like it is not genuine.. flipkart... how can i check it for its originality ?,Smart Watch,90
12565,5,only one bettery give me,Smart Watch,24
12566,5,18-140mm lens 😍😍😍 best at its price,Smart Watch,35
12567,3,"Serial Number Wrong Generated 2 Time,Otherwise Product Awesome.",Smart Watch,63
12568,3,Good camera. Awesome lens. Great Features.,Smart Watch,42
12569,5,Worst camera ever...,Smart Watch,20
12570,3,"Awesome camera, few images with 70-300 lens",Smart Watch,43
12571,5,Camera is good but deliver time cheat me...it's too late..to come,Smart Watch,65
12572,5,super delivery ❤ and awsm camera but bag is no good,Smart Watch,51
12573,5,Nice device for beginners,Smart Watch,25
12574,3,"Finally got it... It's superb for wildlife photography. I'm not a professional photographer, but I hv trying to capture of some Bird 🐦 pictures and share with you..",Smart Watch,164
12575,5,very bad camera no,Smart Watch,18
12576,1,very bad camera nikon d5600 dslr background blur,Smart Watch,48
12577,4,"Perfect. I'm not reating 5⭐ because, SD Card Not In This Package. 🙌",Smart Watch,67
12578,1,Very good 😊,Smart Watch,11
12579,5,Just awesome,Smart Watch,12
12580,5,"Super camera, gifted to my husband,he is so happy, nice camera",Smart Watch,62
12581,5,Really awesome,Smart Watch,14
12582,1,very Good Camera,Smart Watch,16
12583,1,Not so bad,Smart Watch,10
12584,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
12585,5,Excellent.. amazing at this price range😃,Smart Watch,40
12586,5,Great product. Reasonable price. quality is awesome Light weight Easy sharing Bad thing is Nikon Stop this product and no further firmware updates,Smart Watch,146
12587,4,"The Product is Good, recommended, but the bag and SD Card not come with it.",Smart Watch,75
12588,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
12589,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12590,3,Geninue Product Best Packing but Memory Card Missing it's not good,Smart Watch,66
12591,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12592,5,Perfect Camera For Photography at this Price Range. Just Go For it.,Smart Watch,67
12593,5,J.Graphics.&.Csc Dhamni (Rajim)  Very Nyc Camera But Price Is Too High...,Smart Watch,73
12594,4,EXCELLENT DSLR FOR BEGINNER'S 🤩🤩,Smart Watch,32
12595,5,Good product.,Smart Watch,13
12596,5,Excellent 📷,Smart Watch,11
12597,5,Very good picture quality,Smart Watch,25
12598,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
12599,4,Very nice 👌🙂 products,Smart Watch,21
12600,3,"Good product, #x_rajput05",Smart Watch,25
12601,5,Fabulous 😀 beautiful pictures,Smart Watch,29
12602,4,Really good product i like it,Smart Watch,29
12603,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
12604,5,Good Product,Smart Watch,12
12605,4,Best camera in price...,Smart Watch,23
12606,5,No need to describe...just see my photos .. Suggestions is buy 18-200 MM lens to click in seconds pics than not required to change lens.,Smart Watch,136
12607,5,Picture quality is awesome 👌,Smart Watch,28
12608,5,I am Very happy for my new Nikon DSLR Camera. It is in good working condition.,Smart Watch,78
12609,4,Its been two days since I started using the camera. First thing to say is that I didn't get bag along with the product. They could have provided a bag as its a costly dslr. Some people said they got a headphone along with the product. I don't have any complaint about not getting the headphone. But carry bag is an essential accessory. 4 star only for this reason. Otherwise no complaints. It's a good product as we know.,Smart Watch,421
12610,5,Very good 👍👏,Smart Watch,12
12611,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
12612,5,After 2 years of use i got to know its the best camera under this budget everything is pretty smooth till date just keep another battery with you if you are a videographer,Smart Watch,171
12613,4,Working best,Smart Watch,12
12614,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
12615,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12616,4,Good Camera,Smart Watch,11
12617,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
12618,5,value for money,Smart Watch,15
12619,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12620,5,after few days of purchase this product become end of life from nikon. Anyway camera is nice but dont have sharpness in the pictures,Smart Watch,132
12621,5,very good product to be used,Smart Watch,28
12622,5,Nothing to say about this D5600 DSLR from Nikon. Master piece. Go for it. Really good at entry level DSLR. Bought this with 2 lenses variable one. Pic quality awesome,Smart Watch,166
12623,5,Nice apps,Smart Watch,9
12624,4,Awesome product. I like this product 👍.,Smart Watch,39
12625,5,Best and very nice items,Smart Watch,24
12626,5,Superb camera,Smart Watch,13
12627,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12628,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
12629,5,Go for this ..😍 value of money..,Smart Watch,32
12630,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
12631,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
12632,5,"A best camera for beginner photographers. You can shoot a great pics using this camera. It is best for photography, The video performance of this camera is average.",Smart Watch,164
12633,4,Excellent camera with this price range I have 4 star because of its video function while shifting focus there is no smooth transition Works well with kit lens Insta id priya_kavitamil Check my photos there,Smart Watch,205
12634,4,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
12635,5,Awsome product cameras pixcels and zoom is so impressive,Smart Watch,56
12636,5,Mid Range beast😉,Smart Watch,16
12637,5,5 star ⭐ all overall,Smart Watch,20
12638,5,Good dslr,Smart Watch,9
12639,4,"Using it for nearly 3years. A very good camera. Bit overpriced for that time i.e. Rs.60,000. But 2 nice lenses i.e. 18-55 and 70-300 Changing them for quick photography is a task. As you never know which lens you may need. 70-300 gives you great pictures. I always intend to use it only. Most of my shots are shot by it. 18-55 is used for close and wide shoot. 1 main disadvantage is that remote can't be connected to this camera. Some problems I also have with the snapbridge application. As it i...",Smart Watch,500
12640,4,Just fantastic...,Smart Watch,17
12641,5,Awesome product by nikon,Smart Watch,24
12642,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
12643,5,Nikon camera is ultimate,Smart Watch,24
12644,5,It's a lovely camera. But have to explore it further...,Smart Watch,55
12645,4,nikon d5600 18 140mm used so beautiful dslr,Smart Watch,43
12646,5,Captured by 70-300 lens..Superb pic quality ..Liked the delivery of flipkart and this product is worth to buy for the persons who wants a decent quality picture..Value for money.. 🙂🙂,Smart Watch,182
12647,5,Worth buy for bigginer,Smart Watch,22
12648,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
12649,5,"Camera is nice, durable, effective and lens is also heavy. Also picture quality is good. But there is no any class 10 sd card inside the box though seller and Flip Cart describe in camera heading line about the 16 GB SD card. Don't say about the carry case (Camera bag) but I received it in the pack. But Nikon India says no sd card inside the box. It may be purchased separately. Altogether I see the scripts that both 16GB SD Card and CARRY CASE are included inside the box by probably seller o...",Smart Watch,499
12650,5,Nice camera and good picture quality awesome,Smart Watch,44
12651,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
12652,5,Good dslr,Smart Watch,9
12653,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12654,5,"Early i face flash problem, rest ok",Smart Watch,35
12655,5,Nice one..,Smart Watch,10
12656,5,Best quality..... I am happy but delivered so let... But very happy,Smart Watch,67
12657,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12658,5,Camera is good but the free memory card was worst I have ever seen. After 1 week the memory card was stop working automatically and all my memorable pictures gone. If you want to give memory card then choose some good quality product otherwise don't.,Smart Watch,250
12659,4,Very sharp pictures,Smart Watch,19
12660,4,Nice Camera.,Smart Watch,12
12661,3,Superb quality,Smart Watch,14
12662,4,Absolute stunner 💯💯,Smart Watch,19
12663,3,Nice camera in 50k,Smart Watch,18
12664,4,Great product,Smart Watch,13
12665,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12666,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12667,5,Had slight delay in delivery cause of the big billion but still a great product & i am very pleased. Attaching some first clicks...& i am a rookie . So you can understand,Smart Watch,170
12668,5,"It looks stunning, though not used much, yet the picture and video quality is very good. I had Nikon D 5200 earlier, this Nikon D 5600 is for better. Since it has ISO to the extent of higher than 25000, it's video quality is excellent in low light. I am satisfied. Thanks Flipkart.",Smart Watch,281
12669,5,Go for it. Thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,29
12670,5,Wonderful DSLR 📷Is very beautiful,Smart Watch,33
12671,5,The camera is very nice but the Flipkart service is very bad.,Smart Watch,61
12672,4,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12673,5,I don't get memory card with it,Smart Watch,31
12674,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12675,5,Its amazing,Smart Watch,11
12676,5,"Nice picture quality, compact and value for money",Smart Watch,49
12677,5,"Nice product , Excellent",Smart Watch,24
12678,3,So sweet 😍🥰 nice Nikon D56000 camera 👌👌,Smart Watch,39
12679,5,Good product brought in Diwali sale compared to normal got with grate discount Shot lens in low light pictures calrty is dull The quality is of photos is good in when the lighting is good,Smart Watch,187
12680,5,Value for money ..,Smart Watch,18
12681,5,Delivered before scheduled time but the package was so cheap and brokened. Inside the box all was safe and good condition. I like it .,Smart Watch,134
12682,5,Good quality .....👌,Smart Watch,19
12683,5,Best entry level dslr,Smart Watch,21
12684,4,Thanks to Flipkart for very fast delivery. It was My first DSLR camera. Camera is awesome . Easy to use,Smart Watch,103
12685,5,Beautiful camera,Smart Watch,16
12686,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12687,5,Perfect shot....,Smart Watch,16
12688,5,GREAT PRICING,Smart Watch,13
12689,5,Excellent product Camera quality very good,Smart Watch,42
12690,5,Perfect . .delivery also vry nicely packed...delivery person is so nice,Smart Watch,71
12691,5,It's osm product and i jst git it on price 47 thousand,Smart Watch,54
12692,5,Thanks,Smart Watch,6
12693,4,"Go for 1.8mm lens also, it is unable to capture images with good quality while there is a motion.",Smart Watch,97
12694,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12695,5,Nice Namera Nikon,Smart Watch,17
12696,5,Outstanding camera.,Smart Watch,19
12697,5,excellent product.. but have to learn lot of photography to use it. auto mode is for now is what been used and photos are aamazing,Smart Watch,130
12698,5,Overall good price in big bilion sell time.best camera for bignner photographer.,Smart Watch,80
12699,5,Superb camera and the lens produce good quality images. Very satisfied with the purchase,Smart Watch,88
12700,3,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
12701,4,Very nice product and best service by flipcart,Smart Watch,46
12702,5,Late delivery but the product is awesome,Smart Watch,40
12703,5,Its amazing,Smart Watch,11
12704,5,Delivered before time but on Day 15. Quality is okay. Packing also okay.,Smart Watch,72
12705,4,Asomose images quality nikon d5699 i love it,Smart Watch,44
12706,5,Nice good,Smart Watch,9
12707,5,best camera..,Smart Watch,13
12708,5,all very well. But it does not have a memory card.,Smart Watch,50
12709,4,Good one for beginners,Smart Watch,22
12710,5,"Nice one, very Happy",Smart Watch,20
12711,3,Super ❤️❤️😚😝😝😝,Smart Watch,14
12712,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12713,5,Just love this camera,Smart Watch,21
12714,5,Awesome 🤗😍😍,Smart Watch,11
12715,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12716,5,Best camera 📸 forever ❣️,Smart Watch,24
12717,5,This is the best camera of this segment. I purchased it 44000 at bbs.,Smart Watch,69
12718,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12719,5,Excellent product thank you for delivered safely,Smart Watch,48
12720,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12721,4,Cemera is best results,Smart Watch,22
12722,4,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12723,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12724,5,Best Dslr,Smart Watch,9
12725,5,No doubt about the quality of the camera... Flipkart delivered very fast... Needed delivery within three days.... delivered within two days,Smart Watch,139
12726,5,"The Nikon camera was good Pack, but there is no software CD inside n deta transfer cabe also if thay provide with this then I will be very happy, Focus problem is there in 18-55 leans. Other wise it's nice",Smart Watch,205
12727,5,"One of the best camera for beginners. Picture quality is awesome. Easy to handle. If your budget is within 50k, then just go for it.",Smart Watch,132
12728,3,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
12729,5,Osm product.,Smart Watch,12
12730,4,Best product. Happy after buying,Smart Watch,32
12731,5,DSLR camera is superb ?? Nice picture are clicking ???,Smart Watch,54
12732,5,V good 👍,Smart Watch,8
12733,3,Best delivery man ever met,Smart Watch,26
12734,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
12735,5,Superb camera click fully HD photos and videos beautifulL,Smart Watch,57
12736,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
12737,5,Great Camera for entry level,Smart Watch,28
12738,5,Good product. I am satisfied,Smart Watch,28
12739,4,I love Flipkart,Smart Watch,15
12740,5,Best 👍,Smart Watch,6
12741,5,Nyc product,Smart Watch,11
12742,4,This is really very good chemra for this price. And lovely pic quality. Thank u so much #Flipkart,Smart Watch,97
12743,5,I love this dslr ...,Smart Watch,20
12744,5,Awesome product in comfort prices thanx flipkart😊,Smart Watch,49
12745,5,Product is delivered timely and the behaviour of delivery boy was impressive. Thank You Flipkart always stay with us.,Smart Watch,117
12746,5,It’s nice product with in reasonable budget. Camera quality is good as well as features,Smart Watch,87
12747,5,1-Packing was very good and no damage 2-Safe delivery 3-Look of the camera is awesome 4-Fantastic quality of output This is my first DSLR I bought during the big billion days..I am happy...,Smart Watch,189
12748,4,I just love it.,Smart Watch,15
12749,5,Osm dslr,Smart Watch,8
12750,5,"Good cam but weight on heavy side,not very comfortable for regular use, excellent picture quality.",Smart Watch,98
12751,5,"Amazing DSLR under 50k.. Received from Seller called CORCECA.. Packing was very good! Along with Dslr with two lens, they gave a nikon bag and a 16Gb Memory card. I want to give you ppl a clarity abt what camera to be taken.. After my research Nikon d5600 dslr is best for photography! Compared to canon.. Canon is for videography since it has Dual pixel auto focus which gives us cinematic focus..  If your main Concept is for Photography only.. Just Go for it.. No doubts it was amazing! N...",Smart Watch,494
12752,4,"Good for biginers, this is my first DSLR camera and I liked it!!.",Smart Watch,65
12753,5,"Nikon D5600 is my first DSLR camera... it's is superb camera... but I took time to understanding all features,",Smart Watch,110
12754,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
12755,5,I love this product,Smart Watch,19
12756,5,Super 💕,Smart Watch,7
12757,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
12758,5,Great camera but didn't get the headset with it,Smart Watch,47
12759,5,Good product in this price,Smart Watch,26
12760,5,Awesome product..and 5 star for Flipkart fast delivery and packing,Smart Watch,66
12761,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12762,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
12763,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
12764,4,Product is good. Quality with 18-55 lens is not so good in low light but with 70-300 it's epic,Smart Watch,94
12765,4,Best camera for u,Smart Watch,17
12766,4,"Product is good, there was a glitch on the last stage of delivery. Got my delivery cancelled for the day twice after getting a text 'Out for delivery', just because two delivery executives had developed some confusion between them about the responsibility of delivery of my shipment. At last, I had to travel 50km up down to pick it up myself from a flipkart facility. Hoping for more professionalism for my next delivery that is scheduled for tomorrow.",Smart Watch,453
12767,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
12768,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
12769,5,In comparison to canon 200dii....nikon d5600 is the best in photography than 200dii. but in video department 200dii is the best. If your main priority is photography go for d5600 which have better auto focus points and colour depth,Smart Watch,231
12770,5,Nikon cameras is best,Smart Watch,21
12771,5,Super 👌👌👌👌,Smart Watch,10
12772,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12773,5,Didn't received freebies like memory card etc . Product is good as of now .. taken few pictures ..all are good .. will post exact review in a month,Smart Watch,147
12774,5,Awesome entry level camera with great features liked it Follow me at @chaya_chitr *instagram,Smart Watch,92
12775,5,Great product fast delivery by flipcart Great service executive very helpful Always buy from Flipkart,Smart Watch,101
12776,4,It is best for beginners,Smart Watch,24
12777,5,Superb Excellent camera,Smart Watch,23
12778,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
12779,5,Thanks flipkart...For fast delivery..,Smart Watch,37
12780,3,Osm very nice,Smart Watch,13
12781,5,I'm full satisfied,Smart Watch,18
12782,5,This is very good product,Smart Watch,25
12783,5,Awesome camera in this range,Smart Watch,28
12784,5,Awesome product...... Like it..... Thanks Flipcart,Smart Watch,50
12785,5,Good camera nikon DSLR d5600,Smart Watch,28
12786,5,Great product for amateur photographers.,Smart Watch,40
12787,5,Very asm product.value for money.good video also.but focus problem in video.asm photography camera.,Smart Watch,99
12788,5,Perfect,Smart Watch,7
12789,5,Camera is good but delivery was late,Smart Watch,36
12790,5,Awesome...... 😘😘😘😘 Premium quality........ ❤💝🤗🤗🤩🤩,Smart Watch,49
12791,5,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
12792,5,I love it ❤️,Smart Watch,12
12793,5,1 year completed. I got this camera with one lense 18-55 for just Rs. 31000 in last year flipkart sale. I am happy with this camera and image quality. Video quality is also good. Thank god I did not purchased 4K video quality camera as I could not even handle the video quality of this camera. file size of a small vedio is too high and even my laptop get hang up during small edit. Happy with this camera. If you are planning to buy d3500 series camera then go for this and u have more budget the...,Smart Watch,500
12794,5,Gud super amazing... no more words,Smart Watch,34
12795,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
12796,5,Awesome purchase.Battery backup is not well as expected.Don't get the memory card but value for money is a great thing.Bluetooth headset quality best.,Smart Watch,150
12797,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12798,5,Super quality,Smart Watch,13
12799,5,Just OK... It is suitable for beginner. Image quality is OK.,Smart Watch,60
12800,5,"Amazing camera ,i love it 👌👍",Smart Watch,28
12801,5,𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐜𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐫𝐚 𝐢𝐬 𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐲 𝐠𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐛𝐚𝐭𝐭𝐫𝐲 𝐜𝐚𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐲 𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐲 𝐯𝐞𝐬𝐭 𝐟𝐨𝐜𝐮𝐬 𝐥𝐞𝐧𝐜 𝐠𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐚𝐥𝐬𝐨,Smart Watch,80
12802,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12803,4,"Best camera for youtuber , beginners",Smart Watch,36
12804,5,"Very good for still, for video no",Smart Watch,33
12805,5,Very very perfect in shooting days i like it much more times,Smart Watch,60
12806,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12807,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
12808,4,good,Smart Watch,4
12809,5,"Quality is superb, using it from 1 year now 👍🏼",Smart Watch,46
12810,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12811,4,Good for beginners 🤗,Smart Watch,20
12812,4,Using it for just one week. It's my first DSLR and I'm very happy with it 💞,Smart Watch,75
12813,5,"Pice was really too much, but no doubt about camera, it's good",Smart Watch,62
12814,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
12815,5,Awesome DSLR thanks Flipkart ... I am so happy.,Smart Watch,47
12816,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
12817,5,"Damn Good, Everything is good perfect pictures quality",Smart Watch,54
12818,5,Exilent,Smart Watch,7
12819,5,superb natural.. RESULT,Smart Watch,23
12820,5,i received as earlier. quality and flip kart response is so cool. thank you flip kart. buy in flip kart assured product .and camara super quality reached my expectations but cost is too heigh .,Smart Watch,193
12821,5,Awsm products and pic quality best,Smart Watch,34
12822,5,Nice pic good quality,Smart Watch,21
12823,5,nice camera 👌 and nice picture click,Smart Watch,36
12824,5,Need improvement and upgradation for videography...,Smart Watch,51
12825,5,This dslr is very useful for me,Smart Watch,31
12826,5,A very perfect cam for beginners... This will help a lot in a long run.. I guarantee it,Smart Watch,87
12827,5,Hello flipkart. I want to delet my order history of this product Thank you.,Smart Watch,75
12828,5,Best product thanks flipkart *****,Smart Watch,34
12829,5,awesome camera but delivery was late it almost took17 day to reach.....poor delivery service from flipkart......but camera is awesome,Smart Watch,133
12830,5,Very very nice...I love it ..❤️🥰tnks,Smart Watch,36
12831,4,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
12832,5,good camera 🎥,Smart Watch,13
12833,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12834,5,Nyc pr,Smart Watch,6
12835,5,Fully satisfied. The package travelled almost 2500km without any damage. I was in dilemma whether it is right to buy something this type of sensitive gadget through online. But I trusted on flipkart and they kept it. Camera is itself a good one in this price point.,Smart Watch,265
12836,5,Perfect dslr for dslr,Smart Watch,21
12837,5,Nice camera so I'm very happy Camera quality good in battery backup so nice In camera my 1 time in flipkart so order Camera pik is lavly So cute camera In love Nikon,Smart Watch,165
12838,5,This product is very good,Smart Watch,25
12839,5,Perfectly delivered with genuine product ...,Smart Watch,44
12840,5,Nyc one,Smart Watch,7
12841,5,Awesome Product,Smart Watch,15
12842,5,Nice product. Received well on time,Smart Watch,35
12843,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
12844,4,Super Camera😍😍,Smart Watch,14
12845,5,Thanks a lot flipcart for delivering this camera. Shot taken using Nikkor 70-300 mm lens. Just awesome detailing and quite easy to use.,Smart Watch,135
12846,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
12847,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12848,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
12849,5,Very very nice products under this price...  I brought it on Independence days sale Rs.47550/- worth for the Money with two lens...  The camera working amazingly.... Thanks to Flipkart,Smart Watch,184
12850,5,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
12851,5,Nice.,Smart Watch,5
12852,5,No comparison with Nikon .... ultimate product with time on delivery makes flipkart the best .....,Smart Watch,98
12853,4,Very wonderful product it is. Super; Anyone should buy it without any doubt. Thank u flipkart,Smart Watch,93
12854,5,Good quality in other products,Smart Watch,30
12855,5,Beautiful cemera,Smart Watch,16
12856,5,Superb!!!,Smart Watch,9
12857,5,Nikon good product,Smart Watch,18
12858,4,Beautiful,Smart Watch,9
12859,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
12860,5,Nice quality & good photography,Smart Watch,31
12861,5,It's good but not very sharp,Smart Watch,28
12862,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
12863,4,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12864,5,Delivery on time Nd product is too gud Every thing is awesome I love nikon u must purchased,Smart Watch,91
12865,3,Great device for first experience...great holding gap...and of course it's dslr,Smart Watch,79
12866,5,Nyc camera quality its awesome from d3500 and d7200 d5600is best in image and video quality,Smart Watch,91
12867,5,Osm products,Smart Watch,12
12868,5,This is so best. Loved It Thank you Flipkart🌠,Smart Watch,45
12869,5,it is good d5600,Smart Watch,16
12870,5,It so very good,Smart Watch,15
12871,5,Awesome...,Smart Watch,10
12872,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
12873,5,"Camera is Super the build quality and lens are too much fine I Really loved this DSLR and the Photography from this camera is Osm as compare to other Mid-Range Dslr 📷 or entry level DSLR 📷 camer, but there is 1 issue that Flipcart or the seller has not given me a sd-card as shown in advertisement that S-D card is Free I complained for this but then also I did not got any Solution, but again this DSLR 📷 is Superub 👍👍 I rated 4 not 5 star just because of SD card other It is Osm just Go for...",Smart Watch,495
12874,5,At first I was confused between canon 200d mark 2 and Nikon d5600 and after choosing nikon d5600 I have no regrets this camera is capable of taking great images and the kit lens are great for beginners because I am a beginner too I was a mobile photographer but then I felt the need of upgrade and bought this camera really it's like you have an AWM in your hands and it is on the user how he uses it,Smart Watch,400
12875,5,Very nice camera 👌👌👌👌,Smart Watch,21
12876,4,Good one... Worth for money,Smart Watch,27
12877,5,Superb product ..,Smart Watch,17
12878,5,"D5600 is perhaps one of the best entry level DSLRs in the market and certainly in this range. I had used D5100 for several years now and wanted to upgrade for getting benifits from the new advancements like the touch screen, ability to sync and with smart phone and option to remotely control the camera, GPS sync option and higher resolution of the sensor.  Pros: ✓Lighter than D5100 ✓Faster auto focusing and focus tracking ability with AFP lenses that are supplied in the offer ✓Almost silent ...",Smart Watch,499
12879,5,Camera is good,Smart Watch,14
12880,4,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
12881,4,Good product... excellent work,Smart Watch,30
12882,4,It's really nice product 👌 Just awesome 👍,Smart Watch,41
12883,4,Very nice camera the size was not as I expected was smalk,Smart Watch,57
12884,4,Its camera verey standard and professional photo click i am verry happy to buy nikon 5600d camera thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,116
12885,4,super,Smart Watch,5
12886,5,Great one ever,Smart Watch,14
12887,5,wonderful camera for beginners as well as serious photography.,Smart Watch,62
12888,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12889,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12890,4,"I got this monster for 47,490rs ,autofocus is a plus point and movable screen is very useful",Smart Watch,92
12891,5,Best dslr,Smart Watch,9
12892,5,Supr good,Smart Watch,9
12893,5,Product is pretty good but the delivery is worst I can't even say,Smart Watch,65
12894,5,Good camera nikon photography le,Smart Watch,32
12895,5,Great camera for beginners,Smart Watch,26
12896,5,"Awesome Good packaging,",Smart Watch,23
12897,5,Highly recommended 10/10,Smart Watch,24
12898,5,Awesome Loved it,Smart Watch,16
12899,5,Awesom!!,Smart Watch,8
12900,3,Dreams come true...awsm product,Smart Watch,31
12901,5,Nice Camera,Smart Watch,11
12902,5,Best dslr at this budget it's very good for beginners and it's easy to use too go for it without any option,Smart Watch,107
12903,5,Nic,Smart Watch,3
12904,5,Very good camera,Smart Watch,16
12905,5,Naise product,Smart Watch,13
12906,5,In love with this product. Good for beginners and amateurs,Smart Watch,58
12907,5,Shuper picture quality ♥️,Smart Watch,25
12908,4,Nice product!!,Smart Watch,14
12909,5,Sup,Smart Watch,3
12910,5,"My 1st camera, very good product.I am happy.",Smart Watch,44
12911,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12912,5,"Great Camera.. Being a beginner, able to click this pic.. lot more to explore. Worth buying...",Smart Watch,94
12913,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12914,5,Nc,Smart Watch,2
12915,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
12916,5,Great canera,Smart Watch,12
12917,5,"Bought on high price with this dealer ,but not provide Samsung level handset which is provided by Nikon itself.",Smart Watch,111
12918,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12919,5,Fulfill my dream.,Smart Watch,17
12920,5,Perfect.....,Smart Watch,12
12921,5,The Best in its Range.,Smart Watch,22
12922,5,satisfied heart fully,Smart Watch,21
12923,5,"Just an excellent camera at mid-ranged budget and perfect for beginner photographer & hav lots of features which r very useful.🔥 Also my experience with Flipkart was fab,the delivery was on time without getting any damage on it that to in lockdown 🤩",Smart Watch,249
12924,4,Its aswome,Smart Watch,10
12925,4,Camera is good but cherger is not good,Smart Watch,38
12926,5,Beautiful awesome thanks nikon,Smart Watch,30
12927,4,Wow superb camera i love this camera,Smart Watch,36
12928,4,Nikon d5600 is very good camera of nikon,Smart Watch,40
12929,5,Very good performance . I really like this product . Thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,71
12930,5,Good QUALITY PRODUCT DELIVERY BY FLIPKART I FULLY TRUSTED IN FLIPKART COMPANY BEST ONLINE SELLING COMPANY.,Smart Watch,106
12931,5,Better for beginners and their photo become softly and natural,Smart Watch,62
12932,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
12933,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
12934,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
12935,5,Hii Friends.....,Smart Watch,16
12936,5,Very good one,Smart Watch,13
12937,5,Awesome performance... 😂,Smart Watch,24
12938,5,If you are a beginner and want to learn how to do photography. Go for it. It has every feature which is required to explore the options of different aspects of photography.,Smart Watch,172
12939,5,Good Product,Smart Watch,12
12940,4,Best camera!,Smart Watch,12
12941,5,Very Good,Smart Watch,9
12942,5,Sup..,Smart Watch,5
12943,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12944,5,D5600.. very nice...👍👍👍,Smart Watch,23
12945,5,No words about this camera this is best for beginners....,Smart Watch,57
12946,5,Picture quality to good I love ❣️ this camra,Smart Watch,44
12947,5,Nice camera but video shoot canon best,Smart Watch,38
12948,5,V. Good,Smart Watch,7
12949,5,very nice Product,Smart Watch,17
12950,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
12951,5,One of the best,Smart Watch,15
12952,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12953,5,Camera is good but delivery is pathetic experience.,Smart Watch,51
12954,5,Good enough,Smart Watch,11
12955,5,Nice and good cam,Smart Watch,17
12956,5,"Awesome Camera,",Smart Watch,15
12957,5,awesome product..,Smart Watch,17
12958,5,Better camra & better performance,Smart Watch,33
12959,5,Just Awesome 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,24
12960,5,"The service was top notch, received the camera two days before the scheduled date.The courier delivery was very good. All in all I am one helluva satisfied customer.",Smart Watch,165
12961,4,Very good product high quality picture. Thanks to flipcart .,Smart Watch,60
12962,5,Nice and amazing product,Smart Watch,24
12963,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
12964,5,Amazing photos 😘😘,Smart Watch,17
12965,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
12966,5,Great cam.. But Seller removed Freebie,Smart Watch,38
12967,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
12968,5,Really good product with great service from seller ❤️,Smart Watch,53
12969,5,Exlent product,Smart Watch,14
12970,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
12971,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12972,4,Nyc and genuine product... thanks flipcart..,Smart Watch,44
12973,3,Good product and good purchasing experience from flipkart,Smart Watch,57
12974,5,This is just a top notch product for those who are learning photography. Thank you Flipkart for great delivery and packaging.,Smart Watch,125
12975,5,Value for money purchase with both the lenses......!!!,Smart Watch,54
12976,5,awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
12977,5,Camera quality is too good,Smart Watch,26
12978,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
12979,5,Superb....,Smart Watch,10
12980,5,Exlent product,Smart Watch,14
12981,5,Camera is good but the battery was used one..,Smart Watch,45
12982,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
12983,5,Superb video and photo quality I'm completely satisfied with this camera 🎉🎉🎉.,Smart Watch,77
12984,5,Very good camera 👍,Smart Watch,18
12985,5,very nice,Smart Watch,9
12986,4,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
12987,5,Awesome 👍,Smart Watch,9
12988,3,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
12989,5,fntastic,Smart Watch,8
12990,5,Good but bad delivery,Smart Watch,21
12991,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
12992,5,Go on with this.. satisfying.. so happy for this,Smart Watch,48
12993,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
12994,5,Its just a beginning,Smart Watch,20
12995,5,Original product received with very good packing box.,Smart Watch,53
12996,5,Great product 👌,Smart Watch,15
12997,5,Made a good decision buying this camera. Love the experience. My recommendation : Jus go for it!,Smart Watch,96
12998,4,Just an awesome camera.am a beginner.but also it's user-friendly.in auto mode itself we can capture good pictures.will write more reviews after some more usage,Smart Watch,159
12999,4,Best DSLR camera mid range budget,Smart Watch,33
13000,4,Best budget camera for beginners..,Smart Watch,34
13001,4,Just go for it. No second thought.,Smart Watch,34
13002,5,Product is very nice,Smart Watch,20
13003,5,Good product and good delivery,Smart Watch,30
13004,5,Excellent product & the packing also safe & too good,Smart Watch,52
13005,5,gud one,Smart Watch,7
13006,5,Great buy! Awesome dslr in this price range.,Smart Watch,44
13007,5,This is a spectacular device.. sharp image lens.. loving it..,Smart Watch,61
13008,5,"Working good till now, no issues",Smart Watch,32
13009,5,lans not good,Smart Watch,13
13010,5,"Camera is superb....got it for Rs. 43,499/-. Flipkart delivered it 2 days prior to the scheduled date for delivery. Really awesome...I am loving it....Great portrait shots....loved the flip screen concept...light weight....great battery back up",Smart Watch,244
13011,5,Awesome Purchase,Smart Watch,16
13012,5,thanks to flipcart for fast delivery. ##awasome pictures 👉best for photography,Smart Watch,78
13013,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
13014,5,"Good package.best dslr under 50,000.Good for travel and street photography",Smart Watch,74
13015,5,Best results,Smart Watch,12
13016,2,I love this item,Smart Watch,16
13017,5,it's one of the best entry level dslr.....,Smart Watch,42
13018,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13019,4,Best camera for Video and as well as photos,Smart Watch,43
13020,4,good camera,Smart Watch,11
13021,4,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13022,5,Product is very nice and original camera delivery but not my time deleted 😪😪,Smart Watch,76
13023,5,"Good product delivery, but no any cable in this pack like charging cable, HDMI cable,etc but camera is very good.",Smart Watch,113
13024,5,i am not using Battery charging time heavy hot,Smart Watch,46
13025,5,super,Smart Watch,5
13026,5,I m very happy with the product....thanks to flipkart,Smart Watch,53
13027,5,Amazing purchase 👌,Smart Watch,18
13028,5,superb.,Smart Watch,7
13029,5,super camera,Smart Watch,12
13030,5,best camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
13031,5,Receive genuine product on time with proper packing.,Smart Watch,52
13032,5,osam....,Smart Watch,8
13033,5,Very nice product.,Smart Watch,18
13034,5,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
13035,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13036,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13037,5,great product,Smart Watch,13
13038,5,completely satisfied,Smart Watch,20
13039,5,thank you for this i love it,Smart Watch,28
13040,5,original product,Smart Watch,16
13041,5,camera is good but camera beg is little small.,Smart Watch,46
13042,3,A good combination of entry level and budget product. I am quite impressed with this product and ofcourse the delivery of Flipkart is appreciable.,Smart Watch,146
13043,5,nice product from Nikon and Thank you flipkart for faster delivery.....,Smart Watch,71
13044,5,best price best buy,Smart Watch,19
13045,5,"very good camera,must buy it but I haven't got my 16 GB SD card with it,other than then flipkart service was better",Smart Watch,115
13046,4,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13047,5,"it's too good.,......🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂😉😉😉😉😉",Smart Watch,32
13048,5,superb quality very with this product😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,41
13049,4,good product,Smart Watch,12
13050,5,super camera,Smart Watch,12
13051,5,"very very nice product, quality is very high....Osam photography...$ movie quality.....",Smart Watch,87
13052,5,It is very nice product,Smart Watch,23
13053,5,Amazing quality,Smart Watch,15
13054,5,awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
13055,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13056,5,"nice camera, greater image capture not a camera for video making",Smart Watch,64
13057,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13058,5,"?????? ??? ????, ??????? ???? ????????? ??? ?? ???????? ? ??????? ???? ????? ???? ???? ??? ??????? ????? ? ?????? ??? ???? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? , ????? ??????? ????? Nikon D5600 DSLR famous, my life jio?",Smart Watch,197
13059,5,This was my first dslr and I am loving it. will post a full review in sometime.,Smart Watch,79
13060,5,nice pic quality,Smart Watch,16
13061,5,The best DSLR in the market you can ever get! I got this for a mere 37k in the Year End Sale! Loving it!,Smart Watch,104
13062,5,Delivered without any data transfer cables. Carry bag quality is very pour.,Smart Watch,75
13063,4,I am a beginner i think this is the best camera for me😄❤️,Smart Watch,57
13064,4,It is very awesome Quality .,Smart Watch,28
13065,5,good one,Smart Watch,8
13066,5,awesome camera fo wildlife....,Smart Watch,30
13067,5,Good camera 📸 but I miss the lens motor,Smart Watch,39
13068,5,great product,Smart Watch,13
13069,4,Best product for starting up photography,Smart Watch,40
13070,5,Nice! Arrived early 16 gb card is also there.,Smart Watch,45
13071,4,Its really great,Smart Watch,16
13072,4,Not bed but I want same little bater,Smart Watch,36
13073,5,best camera,Smart Watch,11
13074,5,Aswsome,Smart Watch,7
13075,4,"Good product, and delivery also very fast, within 3 day, I very proud of flipkart,",Smart Watch,82
13076,5,well packed by flipkart...,Smart Watch,26
13077,5,best product,Smart Watch,12
13078,5,"nice and first delivery , thanks flipkart",Smart Watch,41
13079,5,nicon is vary good,Smart Watch,18
13080,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
13081,5,Some things bring xtra delight in life. This cam is one of them.,Smart Watch,64
13082,5,very nice product,Smart Watch,17
13083,4,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13084,5,Very good product. I love it thank you,Smart Watch,38
13085,3,"simply semma, worth for money and gud entrylevel cam for camlovers",Smart Watch,66
13086,5,Camera is Very good. but i got bettery issue. Only 300shots(Approx) are taken on one full charge of bettery.,Smart Watch,108
13087,5,satisfied,Smart Watch,9
13088,5,Mind blowing deal,Smart Watch,17
13089,5,👍💯 18-55,Smart Watch,8
13090,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13091,5,best dslr camera iike it one.must buy this,Smart Watch,42
13092,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13093,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
13094,5,Best mid range DSLR,Smart Watch,19
13095,5,some times defocuse on video sooting,Smart Watch,36
13096,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13097,5,Great,Smart Watch,5
13098,5,tq,Smart Watch,2
13099,5,Super don't think anything just buy it,Smart Watch,38
13100,5,best for beginners don't go for the lower price range go for this as nikon offer affordable lenses also,Smart Watch,103
13101,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13102,3,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13103,3,it is very good product I'm happy to getting this product,Smart Watch,57
13104,4,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13105,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
13106,5,Mind-blowing products..i just love it. thanks to flipkart,Smart Watch,57
13107,5,highly recommend..just mind blowing photo..,Smart Watch,43
13108,5,It's good you should buy!,Smart Watch,25
13109,4,"To hell with smartphone cameras. The sound of the shutter, and the mechanical feeling of a dslr is reason enough to make it worth the money. I'm blown away with the picture quality. in its price range, d5600 is the best you can get.",Smart Watch,232
13110,5,Battery wakeup is not good otherwise such a valuable product.,Smart Watch,61
13111,5,thank you so much for full fill me dream,Smart Watch,40
13112,4,awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
13113,5,man o man 😍just loved it! go for it. the one with birds flying is a shot miles away from my house 😍,Smart Watch,99
13114,5,worth a upgrade from d5200 to d5600 can feel expeed 4 processing speed,Smart Watch,70
13115,5,"Good product, camera and duel lenses scored 4 stars because of battery backup,otherwise 5 stars, battery backup is poor, it shots only around 120 without flash. disappointed ! if it happens then I should buy dozens of battery for single trip/party.",Smart Watch,248
13116,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13117,4,great camera...,Smart Watch,15
13118,5,"amazing product, light weight and superb quality.",Smart Watch,49
13119,5,good I love it,Smart Watch,14
13120,5,excellent..... 👌👍😁,Smart Watch,18
13121,4,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13122,4,"speedy delivery by Flipkart ,awesome experience.",Smart Watch,48
13123,4,Certainly the best DSLR in the mid range.,Smart Watch,41
13124,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13125,5,Good Camera.....Excelent Product Thanks flipkart..,Smart Watch,50
13126,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
13127,5,One of the best DSLR in this range.,Smart Watch,35
13128,5,nice product.,Smart Watch,13
13129,5,wonderful,Smart Watch,9
13130,5,Excellent.... love it with beautiful photos....,Smart Watch,47
13131,4,battery performance bdao yr,Smart Watch,27
13132,4,best DSLR...Thanks to Flipkart..,Smart Watch,32
13133,4,"Best for photography. If you plan on doing video, please buy other cameras(esp mirror less). Nikon has very bad auto focus in video mode.",Smart Watch,137
13134,5,value for money.,Smart Watch,16
13135,5,Very Good,Smart Watch,9
13136,4,good service nd good quality,Smart Watch,28
13137,5,Poli cam,Smart Watch,8
13138,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
13139,5,super product but little problam camara bage un comfortable...ples improve...,Smart Watch,77
13140,4,"it's a great experience for me through FLIPKART... such lovely product was sent to me without any scratch or damage.  which i was doubt or scare, i can't believe... you have done.... truly well in packaging...  thank u alll",Smart Watch,223
13141,5,Really excellent camera for SLR beginners.,Smart Watch,42
13142,4,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13143,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
13144,5,awesome purchasr,Smart Watch,16
13145,4,"Awesome camera. Even the low light photos are great with the kit lens. I am wondering what wonder this will do with prime lens. And one very important thing, The lenses for Nikon are way costlier than the Canon's. e.g. 50mm stm lens for canon is priced at around 7500 INR but 50 mm nikkor 1.8 g lens is 12500 INR, so choose the camera wisely. And if that does not bother you, you can buy this for sure. You will never regret the decision.",Smart Watch,438
13146,5,In one word its just amazing dslr camera under 50k,Smart Watch,50
13147,5,great for beginners,Smart Watch,19
13148,5,Delivery was very fast i got this camera within 2 days,Smart Watch,54
13149,4,good camera!,Smart Watch,12
13150,5,awesome camera I bought it in 44000 diwali dhamaka days,Smart Watch,55
13151,5,"Good , I have received the product safe. Performance is also good",Smart Watch,65
13152,5,Awesome at this price range ( Rs 43500),Smart Watch,39
13153,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13154,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13155,3,best is this range 😍,Smart Watch,20
13156,5,nice DSLR,Smart Watch,9
13157,5,Nice.. 👌,Smart Watch,8
13158,5,"excellent deal, good product, thnx to flipcart",Smart Watch,46
13159,4,nice,Smart Watch,4
13160,4,"Still in the basics, No complaints untill now",Smart Watch,45
13161,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
13162,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
13163,5,wow super 😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,14
13164,5,"Perfect camera for beginners, delivered on time by Flipkart",Smart Watch,59
13165,5,Excellent features,Smart Watch,18
13166,4,asome cameras,Smart Watch,13
13167,4,"delivery was too slow ,it took 9 days for delivery, by the way the product was overall good.",Smart Watch,92
13168,5,very good product . fast delivery by flipkart,Smart Watch,45
13169,5,with my heart,Smart Watch,13
13170,5,osm picture quality,Smart Watch,19
13171,5,Product is excellent. Only issue is that Flipkart takes long time to ship the equipment once order is taken. Katta waiting time,Smart Watch,127
13172,5,"A great deal from Flipkart, Thank you. Got the delivery in time with nice packing and all kits.",Smart Watch,95
13173,5,Good for beginners.,Smart Watch,19
13174,3,it's too good,Smart Watch,13
13175,5,OSM product Nd packing is to good,Smart Watch,33
13176,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
13177,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13178,5,good product.....,Smart Watch,17
13179,5,it's awesome...,Smart Watch,15
13180,5,Very nice product...,Smart Watch,20
13181,5,"Except Timely Delivery everything is fine.  I'm a so called Flipkart Plus customer abs and it takes more than a week for Flipkart to deliver a product, that too in a metropolitan city.",Smart Watch,184
13182,5,superb camera 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,17
13183,4,only a single word i have... Awesome..,Smart Watch,38
13184,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
13185,5,Osm camera,Smart Watch,10
13186,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13187,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13188,5,nice ......nice,Smart Watch,15
13189,5,Excellent camera... thanks to Flipkart for safe&early delivery!!!,Smart Watch,65
13190,5,The product is really good. It's a good buy for beginners and amateurs. Battery life could be better.,Smart Watch,101
13191,5,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
13192,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
13193,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
13194,5,satisfactory production,Smart Watch,23
13195,5,Perfect for photography lovers,Smart Watch,30
13196,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13197,5,"Awesome Camera at unbelievable price, took some glorious images from D5600...",Smart Watch,77
13198,5,Completely satisfied my expectations ??,Smart Watch,39
13199,5,"Received faulty product, camera does not take pictures with short lens. when I tried to replace product, due to incorrect/awkward Flipkart process, even replacement became big problem. Flipkart customer care service draged my issue for 10+ days and absurd thing are, 1)kannada CC agent asked me to call later since he doesn't have internet to access my information, 2)English CC agent(heard his name as Satyan) couldn't speak properly and when I asked to transfer call to senior, without asking me...",Smart Watch,500
13200,5,super...,Smart Watch,8
13201,5,Love it...😘,Smart Watch,11
13202,5,I like it.......,Smart Watch,16
13203,5,very nice,Smart Watch,9
13204,5,"Being a novice in photography, I just love it. Here are some sample pictures taken in manual mode.",Smart Watch,98
13205,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
13206,4,very good product.,Smart Watch,18
13207,5,Very good camera,Smart Watch,16
13208,5,im using 18 55 lens overall a1 cmra,Smart Watch,35
13209,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
13210,5,"I received the product ,in good condition and Thank you Flipkart and delivery Team to make my Diwali Sparkling.",Smart Watch,111
13211,4,nice,Smart Watch,4
13212,5,best camera,Smart Watch,11
13213,5,This is my first DSLR and I am quite happy with the quality of product. It only includes one lens but we can easily upgrade to better lenses as per requirement.,Smart Watch,160
13214,5,good packing...best price... perfect delivery,Smart Watch,45
13215,5,brilliant quality,Smart Watch,17
13216,5,excellent product prompt delivery,Smart Watch,33
13217,5,at this price so good . we expect this price will continue further also,Smart Watch,71
13218,5,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13219,5,very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
13220,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13221,5,no HDMI cable nd earphone peace..... sometimes they are providing and sometimes not,Smart Watch,83
13222,4,Awesome product.,Smart Watch,16
13223,5,i am so happy to buying this products.,Smart Watch,38
13224,4,good,Smart Watch,4
13225,5,Awesome n nice packing,Smart Watch,22
13226,5,BEAST 🔥,Smart Watch,7
13227,5,Nice....,Smart Watch,8
13228,3,D5600......review is just oswm........thank flipkart 4 d security of this product,Smart Watch,81
13229,5,very very good product.,Smart Watch,23
13230,4,"excellent product , thank you flipkart",Smart Watch,38
13231,4,I have confused between canon eos200 d and nikon 5600 for photography purpose then I trusted Nikon my trust didn't gone in a wrong way nikon doing its best than eos 200,Smart Watch,168
13232,4,Excellent.,Smart Watch,10
13233,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13234,4,best fest delivery and super camera,Smart Watch,35
13235,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
13236,5,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13237,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13238,5,Got t a torn bag,Smart Watch,16
13239,5,super,Smart Watch,5
13240,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13241,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
13242,5,It is a good time to purchase Nikon d5600 and a good product...I am enjoying.,Smart Watch,77
13243,5,camera is Good . But No usb and HDMi cables are provided with it .,Smart Watch,66
13244,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
13245,3,no memory card was provided though better for the amount compared to the market price.,Smart Watch,86
13246,5,best,Smart Watch,4
13247,5,good product. very good service,Smart Watch,31
13248,5,Nice Results,Smart Watch,12
13249,4,good quality I love it,Smart Watch,22
13250,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
13251,5,my mom says that very good product...Thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,55
13252,4,"product is very good , but this time unexpected poor packing, thank god camera inside the box is good",Smart Watch,101
13253,5,it is very nice,Smart Watch,15
13254,5,its awesome,Smart Watch,11
13255,5,"great deal, amazing camera in best price.",Smart Watch,41
13256,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
13257,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13258,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
13259,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13260,5,The Best In Market. If you are buying it for photography purposes then just blindly go for it. For video it is not.But you can record video 1080p/24f/s. You have to mind it that it's not an beginner level DSLR it's a amatur level camera...so it's a little bit tricky to use but it's not a headache at all. you can shoot raw files and 14 bit video with it. in the box- D5600 camera body kit lens- 18-55mm Memory Card-16gb Charger And a bettery Nikon neck strap Bag(poor quality)- I suggest buy a be...,Smart Watch,500
13261,5,superb.............................,Smart Watch,35
13262,5,Nice camera but late delivery too late 8 days But exllent camera frds,Smart Watch,69
13263,4,"worth the money, very good product and excellent package by Flipkart.",Smart Watch,69
13264,5,Nikon d5600 is really superb,Smart Watch,28
13265,3,bag also included.both lens inside box.good,Smart Watch,43
13266,5,vallu for money BEST camera for photography,Smart Watch,43
13267,5,"I got it for 41k so it's a good deal ,nice built both the lences are nice,came with a bag & sd card.",Smart Watch,100
13268,5,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13269,4,good,Smart Watch,4
13270,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
13271,5,all good ..received nikons bag as well.. quality is good,Smart Watch,56
13272,5,It's awesome,Smart Watch,12
13273,4,Thanks flipkart....,Smart Watch,19
13274,5,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13275,5,bad experience,Smart Watch,14
13276,4,very good product.,Smart Watch,18
13277,5,good..,Smart Watch,6
13278,5,Nice product but dilvery too late,Smart Watch,33
13279,5,It's very nice,Smart Watch,14
13280,5,Photos coming amazing.the dedicated modes definitely help take amazing photos.the touch screen is a big advantage while using it. the dslr to mobile transfer is very fast. using with 18-55 mm lens. Colors ar coming very sharp and bright.,Smart Watch,237
13281,5,awesome product... I got amazing deal on the flipkart and saved almost 10k ...,Smart Watch,78
13282,4,Good! Received as expected.. Thank you flipkart for timely delivery!!,Smart Watch,69
13283,5,"Nikon is the best camera ,,, D5600 thank you Flipkart,, amazing",Smart Watch,63
13284,5,good product. but very late delivery by Flipkart,Smart Watch,48
13285,5,good one for beginners,Smart Watch,22
13286,5,Camera is superb but disappointed with the delayed delivery process. Flipkart took 15 days to deliver it. This was too long.,Smart Watch,124
13287,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
13288,5,nice product worth buying it too happy to have it,Smart Watch,49
13289,5,Nice product.. And I think 18-55mm not work properly.,Smart Watch,53
13290,5,easy to use and perfect for beginners,Smart Watch,37
13291,4,one of the best camera at this rate😍😍😍😍 worth 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 TYSM Nikon family😍😍 for producing such a amazing product😘😘😘,Smart Watch,113
13292,5,"only lens is usefull, it's better to buy D3400 because both are getting with same lens",Smart Watch,86
13293,5,nice camera i love nikon,Smart Watch,24
13294,5,Fabulous,Smart Watch,8
13295,5,"awsm camera , camera body light wait , built quality is good nice image quality",Smart Watch,79
13296,5,Wow,Smart Watch,3
13297,5,Good at this price range 🥰🥰,Smart Watch,27
13298,5,I m a regular flipkart customer but First time I took a risk to buy a product with such a high price n guess what I got.... Best price...grt discount n 100% genuine product ....thanks flipkart....my faith on u is being retained...thanks once again.,Smart Watch,248
13299,3,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13300,5,"picture quality is too good, amazing product, thanks flipkart",Smart Watch,61
13301,5,superb,Smart Watch,6
13302,5,Just awesome product...,Smart Watch,23
13303,5,very nice product,Smart Watch,17
13304,5,camera quality is amazing....love this products...,Smart Watch,50
13305,5,best dslr in this price. go for it without any doubt.,Smart Watch,53
13306,4,ausm camera ... 😍 i m fully satisfied ... and also well packed,Smart Watch,62
13307,4,clear image quality,Smart Watch,19
13308,4,Best product,Smart Watch,12
13309,5,Awesome buy in big billion day.,Smart Watch,31
13310,5,Best Begginers Camera❤Loved It,Smart Watch,30
13311,5,super product,Smart Watch,13
13312,5,nice camera. but where is memory card? I couldn't find that.pls help,Smart Watch,68
13313,5,super,Smart Watch,5
13314,5,one word awesome,Smart Watch,16
13315,5,awesome camera 🥰 But I don't like delivery service it's very bad,Smart Watch,64
13316,5,my dream,Smart Watch,8
13317,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13318,5,superb quality,Smart Watch,14
13319,3,got at Rs 32999 Flipkart big billions day.. awesome at this price... best for beginners,Smart Watch,87
13320,4,This camera is awsom,Smart Watch,20
13321,5,awesome product all must buy this product,Smart Watch,41
13322,5,very nice,Smart Watch,9
13323,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13324,4,love this❤,Smart Watch,10
13325,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13326,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13327,5,superb Excellent,Smart Watch,16
13328,5,Am in Love.,Smart Watch,11
13329,4,"shipping box seemed to be open but nothing was missing inside, camera and freebies are all awesome.",Smart Watch,99
13330,5,thats great,Smart Watch,11
13331,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
13332,5,I'm Very Happy,Smart Watch,14
13333,5,I got the pakage damaged but the camera was safe somehow...camera is best at this price range.. Flipkart is responsible for poor transportation.,Smart Watch,144
13334,5,camera is very good but delivery is disapointing,Smart Watch,48
13335,5,"amazing product, got it for 41k -4k(axis bank discount) =37k in BBS. the best camera in this price range.",Smart Watch,105
13336,4,nice,Smart Watch,4
13337,5,Awesome Camera!,Smart Watch,15
13338,5,"Recently Received...Don't confuse the Name DSLR Camera Body...This is Full DSLR Camera with Lens,16 GB memory Card,Bag...Thanks Nikon..and Flipkart",Smart Watch,147
13339,5,Good camera for beginner and intermediate. camera has many fumctions. must buy. for,Smart Watch,83
13340,3,Awesome product..,Smart Watch,17
13341,4,camera is too good..... flipkart is a amazing,Smart Watch,45
13342,5,love it ?,Smart Watch,9
13343,5,The camera unit is perfectly fine but I got a local made cheap quality bag instead of original... Also delivery time was almost 10 days. The camera is praised everywhere by everyone... So just go for it...,Smart Watch,205
13344,5,"Happy with the product in terms of built quality, battery backup, picture quality etc. I got it for 44k. I feel it's little pricey.",Smart Watch,131
13345,5,awesome camera just loving it...,Smart Watch,32
13346,5,loved it.. and got it for rs 32999 on big billion days,Smart Watch,54
13347,5,amazing camera.,Smart Watch,15
13348,5,superb best camera thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,34
13349,5,thank you for this product.. good packing and early delivery..,Smart Watch,62
13350,4,Camera packing was perfect.No damage found. all the products are very much good and not expect the camera bag but it's included on the box. Thamks Flipkart.,Smart Watch,156
13351,4,Perfect 🙏 Thanks a million Flipkart You always bring big billion days please,Smart Watch,76
13352,5,"very good DSLR. well equipped for beginers. fot closed room vlogging like interviews, indoor shoots the in built mic is sufficient.",Smart Watch,131
13353,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13354,5,Nikon does a pretty good job in entry level DSLR. Amazing experience with Nikon.,Smart Watch,80
13355,5,Damaged charger from the first day. Charging is not happening,Smart Watch,61
13356,5,"product is excellent, more than above of my expectations. sob i will share some images.",Smart Watch,87
13357,4,super !! everything is perfect!!!,Smart Watch,33
13358,4,original product thanks filpkart,Smart Watch,32
13359,4,Delivered by Ekart. Received one day in advance. Best buying app for all your needs.,Smart Watch,84
13360,5,no complaints.....retailnet is a genuine seller for this product.....hatsoff,Smart Watch,76
13361,5,nice product & good quality,Smart Watch,27
13362,2,Great camera... I got a new piece with the seal and everything intact... At a great price,Smart Watch,89
13363,5,very Good product I got this in bbd for just 33k with 18-55.,Smart Watch,60
13364,5,1st dslr and it is awesome,Smart Watch,26
13365,5,nice camera at this price...got it for 40k approx during offer.. delivery was quick and easy....thanks Flipkart,Smart Watch,111
13366,5,product was good.but the accessories are not as well as the camera..,Smart Watch,68
13367,5,Excellent..,Smart Watch,11
13368,5,Thanks to Flipkart ?Awesome ? D5600,Smart Watch,35
13369,5,Best deal,Smart Watch,9
13370,4,great dslr,Smart Watch,10
13371,5,nicr,Smart Watch,4
13372,5,"It's out standing,, delivery boy is good..",Smart Watch,42
13373,3,"best dslr ,sharp lcd ,exact result ,nikon fan",Smart Watch,45
13374,5,"Product is fine. I got the bag but quality is very cheap, does not even match near to original Nikon.",Smart Watch,101
13375,5,Received in very gooe package. Product is too good.,Smart Watch,51
13376,5,Very fine result.. and genuine product...,Smart Watch,41
13377,5,it's pretty good to me,Smart Watch,22
13378,5,Product is awesome,Smart Watch,18
13379,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13380,5,not interested,Smart Watch,14
13381,4,gud producet,Smart Watch,12
13382,5,excellent quality. super photo quality. you should buy the product.. it's amazing..,Smart Watch,83
13383,5,this product is beyond my expectations and I am really happy to have this one.,Smart Watch,78
13384,5,good quality,Smart Watch,12
13385,4,excellent product,Smart Watch,17
13386,5,Very Good product I love it,Smart Watch,27
13387,5,"Worst return policy , then do not even try to sole the customer problem",Smart Watch,71
13388,5,love it👌,Smart Watch,8
13389,5,"DSLR stopped working after 2 months of usage. ""ERROR PRESS SHUTTER RELEASE BUTTON AGAIN"" Sending to service center for repair. Regretting for purchasing the product.",Smart Watch,165
13390,5,Great camera @ this range....... Superb pic quality...,Smart Watch,54
13391,5,charger not working...... and they deny to replace it.... bad product.....,Smart Watch,74
13392,5,Osm product i love it...!!,Smart Watch,26
13393,5,Awesome product nd on time delivery,Smart Watch,35
13394,1,only one battery had received with this product. battery back up is not good only 50-60 photos click.camera quality is very good.,Smart Watch,129
13395,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
13396,1,It was smartly very good,Smart Watch,24
13397,5,awesome product...just go for it...without a second thought.,Smart Watch,60
13398,1,good product and delivery boy behavior is good and fast delivered,Smart Watch,65
13399,5,Camera was very good.. especially camera bag was superb...,Smart Watch,58
13400,5,DSLR is awesome. But the bag provided is a damaged. Did not expect this from flipkart.,Smart Watch,86
13401,4,"Amazing purchase, well packed, arrived early and as mentioned on the webpage.",Smart Watch,77
13402,4,very good,Smart Watch,9
13403,5,superb Quality,Smart Watch,14
13404,5,Everything as told in advertisement.,Smart Watch,36
13405,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13406,5,60% goodness for nikon company n camera they are delivering us. Rest was not given because of the seller cheated the customers by keeping the gifts alongwith the product gv by nikon company..so please stop cheating the customers 🙏,Smart Watch,230
13407,5,awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
13408,5,fantastic 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,13
13409,5,level,Smart Watch,5
13410,5,"best camera.. just love it.. handling, processing, accessing everything is so easy..",Smart Watch,84
13411,5,amazingly ...perfect for photos,Smart Watch,31
13412,5,one of the best cam for starters,Smart Watch,32
13413,3,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13414,5,"Great Product and Fast , secured delivery by ekart",Smart Watch,50
13415,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13416,5,awesome product.. got for 43999 the best price in the market now,Smart Watch,64
13417,5,Nice Product,Smart Watch,12
13418,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
13419,5,awsm deal,Smart Watch,9
13420,5,thnx flipkart also thanks to ekart courier for on time delivery.,Smart Watch,64
13421,5,"nice camera, very easy to handle, technically updated and durable. Delivery by flipkart is very fast.",Smart Watch,101
13422,5,Excellent camera. Packed very well also.,Smart Watch,40
13423,4,As expected Nikon package was awesome. Came with Bag and Memory card.,Smart Watch,69
13424,4,superb camera..... If u want to buy Dslr then go for it.Even seller has provide the bag for camera. the best camera ever I buy,Smart Watch,126
13425,5,Amazing Experience.,Smart Watch,19
13426,5,"best dslr at this price range, at 34999 its a gem",Smart Watch,49
13427,5,nice perfect for everyone,Smart Watch,25
13428,5,best product 🤩,Smart Watch,14
13429,5,Too good quality awesome,Smart Watch,24
13430,5,"proud to own Nikon D5600,,but iam still on learning process",Smart Watch,59
13431,5,Most handy dslr ever.,Smart Watch,21
13432,4,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
13433,5,Awesome product !!!! and many many thanks to Flipkart team for handling the product with care. For this time i am very pleased to deal with Flipkart. The product quality are excellent.,Smart Watch,184
13434,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
13435,5,Good product by nikon...,Smart Watch,24
13436,5,such a beautiful product for the best price thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,62
13437,4,Excellent product I luv it,Smart Watch,26
13438,5,I 💕 Nikon,Smart Watch,9
13439,5,It was a defected piece i will never purchase any product from this site,Smart Watch,72
13440,5,Camera is good but not camera bag,Smart Watch,33
13441,5,Working good,Smart Watch,12
13442,4,Excellent at its price and functionality,Smart Watch,40
13443,5,excellent at par. exceptinal great packing,Smart Watch,42
13444,5,no word in this camera,Smart Watch,22
13445,5,best,Smart Watch,4
13446,1,just go for it it worth me only 32000 with single lens,Smart Watch,54
13447,5,I am very excited when I take each picture.. I thank to Flipkart.,Smart Watch,65
13448,4,my son uses it. more than happy !!,Smart Watch,34
13449,5,"the best product for this budget , camera lovers don't think twice just go for it 😍😍😍",Smart Watch,85
13450,5,a great asset for the photographers in the range <50k. You should probably be going for it. It's awesome,Smart Watch,104
13451,5,"good product. excellent photography,thanks #Nikon India, thanks Flipkart#",Smart Watch,73
13452,5,The product is awesome but packaging was worst,Smart Watch,46
13453,5,nothing cn be best thn this on this prize...,Smart Watch,44
13454,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13455,4,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
13456,4,Best camera for beginners... awesome picture quality,Smart Watch,52
13457,5,I am using it since last 3 months. Very good snap quality. Thanks to Nikon and Filipcart.,Smart Watch,89
13458,5,if i describe in One word - It's a beauty creator...you will start loving everything,Smart Watch,84
13459,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13460,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
13461,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13462,5,Awesome picture quality.... Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery.. Go for it👆👆,Smart Watch,78
13463,5,very good,Smart Watch,9
13464,5,Nice camera. Super delivery. Awesome price.,Smart Watch,43
13465,5,super,Smart Watch,5
13466,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13467,5,probably the best camera in this price range,Smart Watch,44
13468,5,Received it on time with best price. Received all items mentioned in the description. The best Camera for biggeners.,Smart Watch,116
13469,5,Awesome performance 😃👍,Smart Watch,22
13470,5,Like product Nikon.,Smart Watch,19
13471,5,best prige best photo best video,Smart Watch,32
13472,5,Best camera..nd thanks to delivery team for steady delivery,Smart Watch,59
13473,4,"the nikon 5600d camera is too good ,i like this so much",Smart Watch,55
13474,5,thanks to.flipkart for their on time delivery. the product was in good state. One should have this dslr. the clarity is quite phenomenal,Smart Watch,136
13475,5,Good packing and was delivered much before expected time. Thank you,Smart Watch,67
13476,4,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13477,4,best new model camera,Smart Watch,21
13478,4,its really good,Smart Watch,15
13479,5,Great One.....Best for Beginners!!,Smart Watch,34
13480,5,Excellent camera for beginners. Just love it,Smart Watch,44
13481,5,4 start becouse facing issue to connect with mobile. First time i was able to connect but now Bluetooth is gray out nikon need to work on software capability and reliability .overall performance is good.,Smart Watch,203
13482,5,Very good photography...,Smart Watch,24
13483,5,product is too good but packaging too poor,Smart Watch,42
13484,5,Amazing experience with a great deal. Genuine product and on time delivery,Smart Watch,74
13485,5,best camera,Smart Watch,11
13486,5,Amazing product. l really love this.,Smart Watch,36
13487,5,awesome camera from Nikon  Packing was perfect. quality of bag is good.,Smart Watch,71
13488,5,Excellent and genuine product..,Smart Watch,31
13489,4,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13490,4,Thnk u flipkart,Smart Watch,15
13491,5,Excellent cam with superior pic quality,Smart Watch,39
13492,5,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13493,5,nice deal & safe delivery,Smart Watch,25
13494,5,flipkart and E kart done great job... fabulous service thanks to flipkart and ekart,Smart Watch,83
13495,5,trustable E-commerce application...,Smart Watch,35
13496,5,Thank you,Smart Watch,9
13497,5,superb for begginers. if you want to take family photos it's best choice. for portrait you need 50mm for best performance,Smart Watch,121
13498,5,absolutely fantastic.. I'm also using Sony alpha for sports photography.. Nikon d5600 is an entry level Cam which has all specification of 1 lake Cam..,Smart Watch,151
13499,5,best DSLR for beginner,Smart Watch,22
13500,5,my first cam and I love it,Smart Watch,26
13501,5,Best Seller With best price. very much satisfied with the product,Smart Watch,65
13502,5,nice camera 5600d,Smart Watch,17
13503,5,Tooo good..,Smart Watch,11
13504,4,Supet,Smart Watch,5
13505,5,Such e nice product i love it much...thank you flipkart for this,Smart Watch,64
13506,5,super dslr camera nikon d5600 nice and thank you nikon,Smart Watch,54
13507,5,great bt battary back is not gud,Smart Watch,32
13508,5,Genuine product...nice packaging..quick delivery amazed..👌👍😃,Smart Watch,60
13509,5,ausm product,Smart Watch,12
13510,5,Great camera for beginners. Buy it u will not regret.,Smart Watch,53
13511,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13512,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13513,5,gud purchase quality product....,Smart Watch,32
13514,4,nice camera📷 fantastic🤘😝🤘👍😻👍🤘😝🤘😁🙌 could have done it again with a new one of the season finale of the season finale of the show on🔛🔛🔛🔛🔛🔛🔛➡➡➡➡➡➡ 765,Smart Watch,147
13515,5,good quality... must buy,Smart Watch,24
13516,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13517,4,Thnks,Smart Watch,5
13518,5,Its a great deal,Smart Watch,16
13519,4,it's too good 💓,Smart Watch,15
13520,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
13521,4,Excellent product.,Smart Watch,18
13522,5,"Nikon d5600 Is really good camera with lot of class leading features like 39 autofocus points , shutter delay etc .only con. is it's autofocus system",Smart Watch,149
13523,5,LOW RATS BUT FOCOUS PROBLAM,Smart Watch,27
13524,5,Sir..I want 18-140 lens instead of 18-55mm,Smart Watch,42
13525,5,nice product from nikon the camera body is good and the flipcart delivery was nice,Smart Watch,82
13526,5,Excellent product for the price. Absolutely happy the service provided by flipkart.,Smart Watch,83
13527,4,Everything fine but I m new to DSLR world.,Smart Watch,42
13528,5,best cam for begginers,Smart Watch,22
13529,4,Good    I like it,Smart Watch,17
13530,5,Happy,Smart Watch,5
13531,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
13532,4,best camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
13533,5,Good Product,Smart Watch,12
13534,4,good product,Smart Watch,12
13535,4,The Camera is Awesome with some advance features at this price range. Also thank you for the Lowepro Bag..,Smart Watch,106
13536,5,awsm camera,Smart Watch,11
13537,5,"Light weight than d5300, easy to handle. Rotating touch screen is very useful and delighting feature.",Smart Watch,101
13538,4,nice product🤟,Smart Watch,13
13539,5,Got what was written.,Smart Watch,21
13540,5,awesome Product but kit bag was lit bit small otherwise product is okay,Smart Watch,71
13541,4,hvy camera and pics,Smart Watch,19
13542,5,ok fine,Smart Watch,7
13543,5,Awesome products,Smart Watch,16
13544,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
13545,5,Great product. And received in very good packing,Smart Watch,48
13546,5,nice one,Smart Watch,8
13547,5,"Awesome camera, picture quality is so amazing. Go for it !!!",Smart Watch,60
13548,5,very good,Smart Watch,9
13549,5,osm camera,Smart Watch,10
13550,5,very very good camera and express delivery thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,61
13551,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13552,5,Good product.. intially i doubted about the produt because of poor packing .. i was happy only after picking my camera and switching it on.,Smart Watch,139
13553,4,greate camera for wedding shoot,Smart Watch,31
13554,5,I got this camera in a special price of 32391. . mind blowing deal for me. . love this camera. . .d5600 is best entry level camera. .,Smart Watch,133
13555,5,battery complete,Smart Watch,16
13556,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
13557,5,i love it varry nice camera,Smart Watch,27
13558,5,best DSLR in Beginners...,Smart Watch,25
13559,4,Good One,Smart Watch,8
13560,5,it is very good camara it has good quality but is has no cable it has no mistake but when any problem occurs I will return it,Smart Watch,125
13561,5,just love this product from Flipkart.,Smart Watch,37
13562,4,awesome.,Smart Watch,8
13563,5,great,Smart Watch,5
13564,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13565,5,This is a good product for personal use... I love it.,Smart Watch,53
13566,5,Thanks flipkart for fast delivery,Smart Watch,33
13567,4,excellent product,Smart Watch,17
13568,4,it is very good camera with prime lens. Please purchase with prime lens.,Smart Watch,72
13569,5,Item is very good and money valued item.,Smart Watch,40
13570,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
13571,4,perfect for indoor and low light conditions.simply nice and superb,Smart Watch,66
13572,4,Super product,Smart Watch,13
13573,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13574,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13575,5,Value for money product with a very good carry case. Backpack will accommodate another 2 lens and good quality one.,Smart Watch,115
13576,5,Best of camera,Smart Watch,14
13577,5,Its a amazing as expectation,Smart Watch,28
13578,4,very good,Smart Watch,9
13579,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
13580,4,No good,Smart Watch,7
13581,5,nice delivery and satisfied with tataclick,Smart Watch,42
13582,5,awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
13583,5,very nice camera at good price.,Smart Watch,31
13584,5,nice product..,Smart Watch,14
13585,1,Goid,Smart Watch,4
13586,5,Best dslr for beginners... Don't hesitate just go for it,Smart Watch,56
13587,5,I didn’t got my cable code,Smart Watch,26
13588,5,very very good,Smart Watch,14
13589,5,The best at it's range,Smart Watch,22
13590,5,Fast delivery and original product..,Smart Watch,36
13591,5,Excellent service and product,Smart Watch,29
13592,5,good packing with as soon deliver,Smart Watch,33
13593,5,"I received the delivery on time. The packaging was best. I got the correct product. Also, I received the free Samsung Level Earphone, as mentioned in the Nikon website.",Smart Watch,168
13594,4,They have mentioned 16 GB memory card but haven't provided,Smart Watch,58
13595,5,camera was good but charger got damaged after 10days.,Smart Watch,53
13596,5,everything good but didn't get nikon tutorials cd from this order,Smart Watch,65
13597,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
13598,4,thank you flipcart,Smart Watch,18
13599,2,Camera is good but snapbridge app of nikon is not good.. Facing connecting problem always with my mobile,Smart Watch,104
13600,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13601,3,"the best thing was the bag(lowepro camera bag) we got and delivery was the best, It was on time.",Smart Watch,96
13602,3,Not as per our order,Smart Watch,20
13603,5,"perfect in every sense, be it camera or flipkart delivery or the sellers packaging.",Smart Watch,83
13604,4,"Perfect! Great quality by Nikon, best in range. And delivery early one day",Smart Watch,74
13605,5,Nice product delivery is very fast,Smart Watch,34
13606,4,excellent Product.. I am happy with the product,Smart Watch,47
13607,5,Sufficient for an amateur photographer. Battery is also sufficient for a whole day of fun.,Smart Watch,90
13608,5,good got free lowepro bag..,Smart Watch,27
13609,4,superb camera must buy it..no qulity issue...thanks flipkart...,Smart Watch,63
13610,5,"Great Offer with Flipkart, Very fast delivery.",Smart Watch,46
13611,5,Must buy,Smart Watch,8
13612,5,Thanks flipkart for a excellent product and on time delivery,Smart Watch,60
13613,5,"After usage, Good quality captured",Smart Watch,34
13614,5,Freebie missing :(,Smart Watch,18
13615,5,super,Smart Watch,5
13616,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
13617,5,super nice,Smart Watch,10
13618,5,great camera.. dynamic range is pretty good..,Smart Watch,45
13619,5,nice camera amd mind blowing looks. full happy this camera. thanks flipkart and bajajfinciver emi card.,Smart Watch,103
13620,4,good,Smart Watch,4
13621,4,It's a magic Box.. loved it..,Smart Watch,29
13622,5,he give me a bad respond and now he want my ekart msg..,Smart Watch,55
13623,5,sooper delivery and brought it on offer.happy about the product,Smart Watch,63
13624,5,Superb!!!!!! But I was expecting a Memory card also,Smart Watch,51
13625,5,good very fast,Smart Watch,14
13626,5,best beginners DSLR under 60000 price range,Smart Watch,43
13627,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
13628,5,"The product is good. But the worst thing is that in product description they have mentioned 16 gb sd card. But I didn't received. And when I asked customer care, he said you should look after the inside the box details.",Smart Watch,219
13629,5,excellent...,Smart Watch,12
13630,5,very good camera. user friendly.,Smart Watch,32
13631,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13632,5,very nice cemra,Smart Watch,15
13633,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13634,5,good,Smart Watch,4
13635,3,Superb camera .Thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,30
13636,5,Must Buy product.. Adorable Look.. Delivery before expected time.. I'm very Impressed..,Smart Watch,87
13637,5,Osam ✌🏻🥳🥳,Smart Watch,9
13638,5,Nice product & fast Delivery....,Smart Watch,32
13639,4,nice product card not received,Smart Watch,30
13640,5,wow....nice product,Smart Watch,19
13641,5,Everything is ok .....But as per the contents shown....I haven't got the nikon tutorial cd ..... neither one....,Smart Watch,112
13642,5,Seller doesn't provide free CDs with the pack. very bad. please dont buy,Smart Watch,72
13643,5,best product and super fast delivery,Smart Watch,36
13644,5,Product is excellent,Smart Watch,20
13645,5,awesome product,Smart Watch,15
13646,4,Best camera and best price during big festival sale,Smart Watch,51
13647,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
13648,5,it's just Amazing ... perfect feature and clicks,Smart Watch,48
13649,5,Great experience.,Smart Watch,17
13650,5,Good camera....nice deal...should go for it,Smart Watch,43
13651,5,Out standing product,Smart Watch,20
13652,5,excellent deal.,Smart Watch,15
13653,5,wow Camera.Best i could get at this price.,Smart Watch,42
13654,5,I am happy with the product.thank u.its amazing,Smart Watch,47
13655,5,love it,Smart Watch,7
13656,5,Good deal,Smart Watch,9
13657,4,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13658,5,Delay in delivery & I had to collect personally which is not appreciable.,Smart Watch,73
13659,5,Awesome product. Go for it. 👍,Smart Watch,29
13660,5,osm,Smart Watch,3
13661,4,value for money.,Smart Watch,16
13662,5,beautiful product. go for it,Smart Watch,28
13663,4,Awesome camera for beginners with reasonable price.. ✌👌,Smart Watch,55
13664,5,best camera 👌👌👌👌👌,Smart Watch,17
13665,4,Super product,Smart Watch,13
13666,5,"India best seller Retailnet .superb packageing ,super fast delivered, Super product,",Smart Watch,84
13667,5,excellent product,Smart Watch,17
13668,5,Somehow Happy Yet and Thanks,Smart Watch,28
13669,5,Great experience.,Smart Watch,17
13670,5,amazing,Smart Watch,7
13671,5,Excellent.,Smart Watch,10
13672,5,"Awesome product as well as quick delivery, received product within 3 days at Big billion day sale. Coming to the product this is a ""professional camera for the beginners"".",Smart Watch,171
13673,5,Delivery of the product was spot on. Product was delivered within the specified time and it was properly packed. Product is also very good.,Smart Watch,139
13674,5,Awesome camera loved it,Smart Watch,23
13675,3,fast delivery. thanks Flipkart best regards to the delivery.,Smart Watch,60
13676,5,was Delivsred D5600with P Lens,Smart Watch,30
13677,5,Great deal with Flipkat...,Smart Watch,26
13678,5,"Got a genuine product while not any issue with product, except I got delivery in 8 days which is too long time. But as I got what I expect its ok for it.",Smart Watch,153
13679,5,nice and only one thing missed to quote... seller did not fulfill promise as per Nikon India website...with gift of Samsung Bluetooth headset....,Smart Watch,145
13680,5,Good buy,Smart Watch,8
13681,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13682,5,Great camera every thing was good but it took too long to get deliver almost around 18-20 days,Smart Watch,94
13683,1,basic camera. good photography. weight management could be better.,Smart Watch,66
13684,5,The Best camera I love it.,Smart Watch,26
13685,5,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
13686,4,Best camera under 50k.. I loved it.,Smart Watch,35
13687,5,the quality of carry bag was very poor.,Smart Watch,39
13688,5,Excellent service from flipkart and products satisfaction is very nice...☄👍....little notice to no any data/HDMI cables in side of box if it's possible please give me... happy Dashera..🌷🥁....Thanks to flipkart team 💓,Smart Watch,216
13689,5,excellent camera.. early delivery by Flipkart...,Smart Watch,48
13690,3,Great camera,Smart Watch,12
13691,5,Very Nice Product....,Smart Watch,21
13692,5,It's a beast! must buy is you are on a level above than beginner.,Smart Watch,65
13693,5,"Memory card was not packed, except that from packing to product, everything is good.",Smart Watch,84
13694,3,Good product from Nikon.. Amazing delivery by Flipkart,Smart Watch,54
13695,5,Camera received is awesome but the battery has been tempered with. seller also sent a free bag with it.,Smart Watch,103
13696,5,fast delivery .camera performance nd quality is good very fast auto focus .,Smart Watch,75
13697,5,Just one word 'AWESOME',Smart Watch,23
13698,5,one of the best in the price range,Smart Watch,34
13699,5,Awesome product.. Just every click is perfect,Smart Watch,45
13700,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13701,5,Awesome Camera in this price range with lots of features.....Thanks to flipkart for sending this item well packed and one day before. Item has 16GB memory card and Camera Bag from Nikon (Free) .,Smart Watch,194
13702,5,very nice camera with fast delivery,Smart Watch,35
13703,5,Good Camera,Smart Watch,11
13704,5,nice camera with great features and its best for beginners,Smart Watch,58
13705,5,delivery with in 12 hours awesome,Smart Watch,33
13706,5,execllent choice for beginners...simple and easy controls...,Smart Watch,60
13707,5,nice product and flipkart service is amazing,Smart Watch,44
13708,5,excellent camera which is for an advanced beginner. but it does like a pro camera user.,Smart Watch,87
13709,5,"My first DSLR, thanks flipkart for a speedy delivery of my Camera.......",Smart Watch,72
13710,4,"ultimate, 4 beginners...",Smart Watch,24
13711,5,"Flipkart: Very fast delivery. Ordered on Saturday. Delivered on Sunday. Camera: As a beginner to DSLR, I find it amazing. Really a worth purchase.",Smart Watch,146
13712,5,Camera is good,Smart Watch,14
13713,5,got nikon d5600 in well condition but after 15 days charger got diffused automatically. bad experience about charger. and also flash of camera is not working properly...,Smart Watch,169
13714,5,Awesome experience of buying with flipkart and a good product afterall,Smart Watch,70
13715,5,Well Reviewing this after using for almost one month. I would prefer for the beginner photography. Simple without any complexity. It's best if you learn to use it at Manual mode,Smart Watch,177
13716,5,Worth more than the amount. Best DSLR for a good beginner. Friendly camera. Love it. ❤️ Extremely good with canon 50mm f1.8 STM lens.,Smart Watch,133
13717,5,product really great . I am totally sctified this product .really good camera for beggner .but flash button was missing that is not good .and capture is 18 mp wasn't good I was hopeed it will be 24 mp . it is also missing .n everything is good .,Smart Watch,245
13718,4,The camera simply awesome..and it is a best budget DSLR and begginer DSLR for first time user...auto focus mode works good in daylight,Smart Watch,134
13719,3,Satisfied with the product.. Its a really good for all who wants to learn photography its a gem and love.... Go for itt....10/10,Smart Watch,128
13720,4,"product is very good and build quality also , special thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery , best camera for starters , it captures best quality photos",Smart Watch,151
13721,5,Best in price segment. If you have skill this entry level dslr can do much better result. Just Dont expect much.,Smart Watch,112
13722,5,Awsm . I'm not a professional but using of li'l bit xperience must say that best Dslr in a best budget.perfect for a beginners.image quality is too good.thanx to Canon thanx to Flipkart & also thanx to Ecom xpress for perfect delivery.,Smart Watch,235
13723,5,Verry Nice and for My Opinion is great camera For this Price Range. I love it my first DSLR...! 👍 Lot of Experiments Is easy with This DSLR .😎,Smart Watch,142
13724,5,excellent dslr and get a free moto headset worth 6500 I am happy,Smart Watch,64
13725,4,"Camera is good for beginner. But not getting that much high quality pics from this camera or lens. So I order canon 50mm just after my 1st vacation, when I was not satisfied with the quality.. Check you tube regarding the comparison of 18mm and 50mm lens. If you want to buy camera than only kit lens is not just you want from your pics. You have to upgrade with any prime lens,whether it's 50mm or 55-250mm. Thanks",Smart Watch,415
13726,3,everything is perfect And specially the packaging it was so good .. When it arrived I got surprised because of the carry case I didn't expected that .. thank you so much Flipkart,Smart Watch,178
13727,5,"My first DSLR. good one for beginners. easy to use. worth for money. and as always, super fast delivery by Flipkart. loved it",Smart Watch,125
13728,4,Camera doesn't matter if you have skill you still click photos like this and lences also define your clicks but if you don't have budget then this camera is for you it is best camera for learning Photography but if you have a little more budget then try to buy at least 1300d or 1500d theses are not great cameras but better then 3000d,Smart Watch,335
13729,5,"good camera n it's my first DSLR I loved it. But delivery took so long. I got camera bag, camera and lense, 16gb card, batter with charger lense cap and carry strap. good camera for beginners.",Smart Watch,192
13730,5,it's clearly evident that's it not a high budget camera. but it's best for everyone looking for a Pocket friendly dslr. specifically for college students and for domestic use.,Smart Watch,175
13731,5,I was planning to buy Dslr for long time. it's really good camera for beginners level photography and of course if any one have ability to shoot good quality photos may take easily with it. Delivery is very fast. Thanks flipkart for providing low cost pocket friendly opportunity on big billion day sale offer.,Smart Watch,310
13732,4,AWESOME DSLR AT THIS PRICE. I HAD A DREAM TO BUY A DSLR .THE MOMENT I BOUGHT THIS DSLR MY DREAM HAS TOTALLY FULLFIL. WAIT LISTEN🙏. TO BE HONEST IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT TO START YOUR OWN BLOG OR ANY KIND OF YOUTUBE CONTENT THEN PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BUY DSLR FOR PHOTOSHOT THEN JUST GO FOR IT. AT ANY POINT OF TIME IF YOU THINK THAT YOU NEED MORE QUALITY IN PHOTOS YOU CAN EASILY ADD LENS❤️. THANK YOU.,Smart Watch,425
13733,5,Its a wonderful camera for the beginners. Those who have passion in photography and love to shoot its a good choice for them. Trust Canon !,Smart Watch,139
13734,5,Excellent for someone who is new into photography..it gives you flexibility to try out a lots of manual settings just like any expensive dslr..even with kit lens you can click wonderful pictures...Clarity is not that great...For better clarity go for an expensive dslr,Smart Watch,268
13735,5,Good one Best for beginner photographs Not recommend for videography because it is not good for videography or vloging porpes it is heavy and bulky. So if you're priority is photography it's a nice and value for money product.,Smart Watch,226
13736,4,Best DSLR in this price range and if you are a beginner then you should buy it . And this is canon. Entry level camera in this price range i bought at 20k and know current price is 27k around i am happy to grap under 21k . Its just amazing just buy it you will not regret. Microshot is working perfectly.,Smart Watch,304
13737,5,All over great camera nice quality of pictures i took and auto focus mode is work just awesome,Smart Watch,94
13738,5,"Worth Buying ... Superb !! Loved it !! Bulit quality is lil disappointed if we are careful it's ok,overall can fully satisfy in dis price ...",Smart Watch,141
13739,5,"-Trusted seller with genuine product as shown in the image,from these seller one plus point is you can buy a cheapest dslr online in offer time. -Nice product in this price segment I bought this camera in big billion sale at cheap price,I am sharing some pictures capture with 3000D with 18-55 kit lense. -Its good for biginners. -Easy to use camera. - Switch to any mode it's 'ON' and for switch 'Off' there is a mode on same dial.",Smart Watch,432
13740,5,The product is awesome for a beginner in the photography world it's preety good in this price range I have been using it since 1 week and I personally recommend to go with it by closing your eyes.,Smart Watch,196
13741,4,The product is very good But if I take another lens of 55-250mm lens Then it's amazing so take it for photography And it's best for beginners,Smart Watch,141
13742,5,Great product. worth of price.. Thanks flipkart for delivering it in 3 days.. I love it... My first DSLR,Smart Watch,104
13743,5,"Just bought it on the offer period for 16800, the product is well worth for the price I believe... this is my first dslr so I think I may be exaggerating , but its a good buy. Visually, the build quality has a premium quality , the quality of the images are good, rich and vibrant, although there is considerable amount of noise in them especially in artificial lighting conditions, buy a prime lens if you want the best quality photos from this one... the buttons are tactile but the screen is be...",Smart Watch,500
13744,5,"it's a good DSLR to own if u are not a pro and looking for entry level DSLR. This camera comes with 16GB card, and 18-55 lense kit. Then buy separate Fixed Focus Lense for close-ups. This will b a perfect Device then. wifi connection allows u to connect it directly to ur PC or Mobile. Easy to use user interface. strong and sturdy body. battery backup is good.",Smart Watch,361
13745,5,Excellent piece of product for simple usage and can take nice shots of closer locations. Zoom option is not up to the mark and works like any other DC. Faced difficulties capturing a still image of moving objects.,Smart Watch,213
13746,5,"It's a great deal, images are good, go for it, nice camera for beginners,images videos were amazing, if your budget was less then 30k then go for it don't think to much, I personally liked it. Thanku flipkart for this and for 1 day delivery.",Smart Watch,241
13747,4,"Guys please check the charger and battery when you receive the product. Fortunately my charger is not working fine, I gave it(charger) at canon service center for replacement. if the battery is not working we need pay the money from our pocket and that too we haven't check within ten days...  please use as early as possible one received the product....  One more important thing for any replacement is also take more time...",Smart Watch,426
13748,4,"A decent entry level DSLR. Very glad that it was bundled with a carry case.  The lens is decent for beginner level and some advanced level photography.  For the price I bought it, I can not say how glad I am.",Smart Watch,208
13749,5,"Superb product at great price! The class of image which a true blue DSLR can give you is unmatched by even a top end mobile camera. This model is so good, gives the full feel of a heavy duty DSLR while being light on the pocket. The complimentary memory card and camera bag were a welcome bonus, the bag is of good quality. When you hold a Canon camera, you have the assurance and confidence of a top notch product.",Smart Watch,415
13750,5,"Best camera ever. It's my first DSlr, never a disappointed. If you beginner that's have you. Go for it And just click result is awesome. Love you flipkart and love you very much nikon❤️",Smart Watch,185
13751,5,this is the best DSLR for beginer the price is the best DSLR best for the beginer I am really happy for this camera,Smart Watch,115
13752,3,Nyc osm fantastic Fabulous pictures quality ls vary vary good in this price range I m gone for 5 star thank you flipkart thank you so much for this camera,Smart Watch,154
13753,5,By my side nice dslr in short range facilities and perfection is very gud. this is not for professional camera bt its img quality like pro.. tnx,Smart Watch,144
13754,5,if you want a good video recording and good full HD pictures so you have to try some other DSLR otherwise it is good for simple use.,Smart Watch,132
13755,5,"I purchased this as my first DSLR. Still, I am learning. Mostly I am using auto mode only, and use manual mode occasionally. I got very good photos of my car to be posted on CarSangrah. It helped me getting good response.",Smart Watch,221
13756,5,"I purchased this last in the month of October after using roughly almost 7-8 months I can say this camera is a gem for beginners and for pro guys you'll not dissatisfied with the quality of camera , image capture quality. good battery backup high quality lense high quality cables even carry case is also good yeah bag looks little old fashioned but who cares about the bag when you have very decent camera at this price range",Smart Watch,426
13757,5,camera is good but if u are new to use it I would recommend that go for device having LCD screen it will be easy to use. other wise product is good at this price.,Smart Watch,162
13758,4,awsome product and super fast delivery by ekart and the packing of the product was also good...thanks flipkart for ur super fast service,Smart Watch,136
13759,5,A full featured DSLR with a good quality image sensor. It has all the features that are required for a mid level amateur. In skilled hands it is an awesome tool.,Smart Watch,161
13760,5,As like always Canon is perfect in all manner.. super pick by this price range. loved it,Smart Watch,88
13761,3,"Very good camera, the blurr effect works properly here. A good one for new photographers. The camera is having ES mode also.",Smart Watch,124
13762,4,"Guys, I have been using this DSL for almost 2 months, Image quality is very good in good lighting conditions, much better than our mobile phone cameras and indoor performance also good with flash but you can't use it without flash in low lighting condition.  Pros - Decent image quality for this price range. Decent battery life to take 600 photos in single charger. Wi-Fi function with canon app to download photos to smartphone easily.  Cons Fully Auto mode could have been better. On/off ...",Smart Watch,494
13763,5,amazing camera @ such price Range Display pixel is low but clearity in images we seen in mob laptops etc _ Best Camera Recommended for New users Better than my Nikkon D3400,Smart Watch,172
13764,5,this camer is the perfect one in this because range for photography although it has okay kind video feature but beyon that its perfect for a beginners...it can shoot in raw...which i qs not expecting n evething is so simple to understand in this...im perfectly statisfied with camera .?,Smart Watch,286
13765,5,Nice decent camera. worth every penny. got it for 19k during but billon day. lightweight. WiFi enabled: camera connect app Iain Google pay should be installed to use also can use mobile as remote for taking pictures when connected through WiFi.,Smart Watch,244
13766,5,"Terrific purchase.. I would like say before judging this product on the basis of looks and picture posted by others for this product won't give much exposure. For whom just want to buy a dslr I would say better get some knowledge about DSLR first how to operate it like what is aperture, focal length and shutter speed. Once you have this knowledge you can do anything and everything about photography with this product.",Smart Watch,420
13767,5,I thin it was awesome.... I liked very much...... I am a beginner..... I really like my camera EOS 3000D..... NICE Pic clarity...... Lite wait..... Simple functioning..... I like very much.....,Smart Watch,193
13768,5,Entry level DSLR. If the usage is only for family and trips then its for you. worth the price. capturing photos when screen is on is lagging but works perfect when shot with view finder. Build quality is good,Smart Watch,208
13769,4,product is good nice product in best budget battery backup is not good i didnt like the batery i m going to change the battery it offs suddenly even in a full charge,Smart Watch,165
13770,4,what to say. just the best cam for amature photography enthusiasts. I mostly use it as point and shoot during family functions and spl occasions. works superb. it's pretty fast in taking pics in auto mode and offers all the basic modes as in most cameras but with exceptional picture clarity. just go for it if you are looking for cheap camera and professional quality photos. there is hardly any other camera in the market that offers the same value for money.,Smart Watch,461
13771,4,"thks for fk for gud deal offer. thks to seller for timely despatch and safe packing. it's a gud deal for this money, gud for beginners. I gifted it for my dad.",Smart Watch,159
13772,5,nice but little old lens. good for entry level. if you got extra bucks go for a better model.,Smart Watch,93
13773,5,"Wow what an excellent product i'm so lucky to bought this camera is very less price and its working superbly, i recommend to all who want to try DSLR in beginning level, this camera giving you all what you want at initial level.. Thank you flipkart and Canon",Smart Watch,258
13774,5,"Best Entry Level DSLR in this range. My first DSLR. Loved It. Good delivery, thank you Flipkart !",Smart Watch,97
13775,4,"Nice Camera in Great Price, Good for photo passionate",Smart Watch,53
13776,3,its the best DSLR in the price range of below 20k .its a basic model..so don't expect more..but yes its far better than point to zoom cams......doesn't have good zoo.... could have been better...I purchased for 18990/- on big billion day sale...till now I m in learning mode...I m just exploring all the options,Smart Watch,311
13777,5,thanks ekart to deliver 1 day before . thanks to flipkart to shipped at time . And deliver good product no any issue . when open cannon . picture quality is good . this is for new comer on photography . Image quality is good .,Smart Watch,226
13778,5,Camera is very good to take pictures and easy to handle. I am facing only problem of focus. If rotate the zoom to take close photo then it is not clear. May be i am not aware to set properly zoom. Otherwise in open area this is very good. Even can take photos of hills and from long distance.,Smart Watch,292
13779,4,Since this is my first DSLR so I give it 4 stars (after using it for a day) as I don't have anything to compare it with. But this has got all the features that a begginer can think of. Though an Auto Flash and a Metal Lens Mount (metal being more durable) could have added the fifth star to my rating. Picture quality is good considering 18 MP camera you can't expect more. Upgrade the lens if you want to have a better experience. I am not much worried about the video quality as I bought this fo...,Smart Watch,500
13780,5,"Amazing camera for beginners. It really allows you to learn basics of photography like shutter speed, iso, aperture etc. I recommend every beginner to first learn how to use this one thoroughly and then move on to professional level cameras like 80D or 5D.",Smart Watch,256
13781,4,Good one for a beginner.. Functionality is really good and worth the price. Loving it actually! but there should have been a cap for the display. That would make it perfect.,Smart Watch,173
13782,5,excellent product and fast delivery by Flipkart. found very good and offer provided was a very good deal for beginners. already 1 month over and all working in good way. original product.,Smart Watch,187
13783,5,it's awesome gift... always thnkful papa..I feel very happy .. it's good working...and very clean photo..,Smart Watch,105
13784,5,Very Good Result But Not For Photographer in Studio Use . Studio Light Triger Nit Supported But Family Use Best Camera Under 25 k,Smart Watch,129
13785,4,Good quality product for the price. Photo quality is commendable and iinbuilt wifi is an advantage as it can be used to wirelessly use camera for capture and data transfer. Even the video quality is very nice at1080p.,Smart Watch,217
13786,4,awesome product very good . thank you flipkart for awesome discount,Smart Watch,67
13787,5,"Happy with the product and quality of the image is also awesome for the beginners.., got free wireless head phone.. thanks 😃",Smart Watch,124
13788,4,Product worth for money. nice clarity and amazing snaps,Smart Watch,55
13789,5,"I have used many of my friends' dslrs to do some photography, and now, since I had to buy one of my own, being a newbie I went for this and boy o boy this camera is brilliant!  for a beginner this wouldnt have hot any better. am completely satisfied with this purchase for I have bought it during BBD'18 and at a jaw dropping prove of 17k. yeah!  thanks Flipkart!",Smart Watch,363
13790,4,value for money good for beginners but to different to use as it have less buttons,Smart Watch,82
13791,5,awesome 🤗🤗🤗,Smart Watch,11
13792,5,awsome Dslr camera,Smart Watch,18
13793,5,awesome for beginners😎,Smart Watch,22
13794,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
13795,5,good product.....easy to use......fast delivery........love this one.,Smart Watch,69
13796,5,Budget DSLR for beginner...,Smart Watch,27
13797,4,awesome purchase 😘😘,Smart Watch,19
13798,5,just amazing for a beginner.. a fantastic camera to learn photography,Smart Watch,69
13799,5,good for beginners..u can see the picture quality...,Smart Watch,52
13800,5,"best handy camera for beginners, nice packaging and i recieved the delivery than the actual date given by the flipkart😍",Smart Watch,119
13801,5,hasam guys let's try,Smart Watch,20
13802,5,"good product...best for beginners and price range is so good.... built quality is not so good the lens mount is built with polycarbonat, so if u use a high weight lens it may damage the body..  i add some sample pic ...lets see...",Smart Watch,230
13803,4,very good camera for general photography.,Smart Watch,41
13804,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13805,4,Good for begginers!!,Smart Watch,20
13806,4,Really good one for beginners.,Smart Watch,30
13807,5,supper,Smart Watch,6
13808,4,Best camera for beginners ... Thanks Flipkart ♥️,Smart Watch,48
13809,4,"According to this price, the camera is really awsome. The picture quality is really great. Worth of money",Smart Watch,105
13810,5,this price good products,Smart Watch,24
13811,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
13812,5,nice camera..,Smart Watch,13
13813,5,Best for beginners...,Smart Watch,21
13814,5,Very good camera. I love this camera 🥳💕,Smart Watch,39
13815,5,awesome product. Got it at an unbelievable price Rs15300. Happy with performance. You just need to shovel over Lightroom/photoshop a bit to create artistry,Smart Watch,155
13816,5,Fast delivery.... Everything is fine... Loved it😍😍😍,Smart Watch,51
13817,5,great..,Smart Watch,7
13818,4,super product..,Smart Watch,15
13819,5,Nice Camera pic quality is good.,Smart Watch,32
13820,5,killer product in this price,Smart Watch,28
13821,5,"awesome features...i gifted it to my hubby he is very happy.nice packaging,too good in such a price.perfect for personal use....",Smart Watch,128
13822,5,Really nice ...its awesome camera for beginners,Smart Watch,47
13823,5,this is real good gear for the begginers m adding few photos which has been taken with kit lense and also with canon 50mm prime lense this should be lil more weighty as this is very light in wait which can be the reason of lil shaky pics,Smart Watch,237
13824,5,best product and satisfied,Smart Watch,26
13825,5,For beginners good camera.,Smart Watch,26
13826,5,Nice Camera.....,Smart Watch,16
13827,5,Camera is good as expected at this price.. Thanks flipkart for fast delivery..,Smart Watch,78
13828,5,Best dslr in this price❤️😍🔥🔥 Just go for it🔥,Smart Watch,44
13829,5,nyc quality,Smart Watch,11
13830,5,nice 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,8
13831,5,Best DSLR in this price👌🏻👌🏻,Smart Watch,27
13832,4,awsome product......😍😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,25
13833,5,Several functions are not available and body quality is too bad. Better go for 1500d..,Smart Watch,86
13834,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13835,5,Good camera.. And good quality... Best for.. Photo and also videos..,Smart Watch,68
13836,3,it's really canon dslr camera super super HD photo,Smart Watch,50
13837,5,nice pic,Smart Watch,8
13838,5,good value for money,Smart Watch,20
13839,5,Spr product,Smart Watch,11
13840,3,excellent ❣️❣️,Smart Watch,14
13841,5,good one for beginners,Smart Watch,22
13842,3,good.,Smart Watch,5
13843,5,My first dslr camara osm,Smart Watch,24
13844,5,nice👌👌👌,Smart Watch,7
13845,4,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13846,5,This is very good for now ...but any one know how much sutter click have it...,Smart Watch,78
13847,5,nice camera.my first DSLR.very happy with it,Smart Watch,44
13848,5,Amazing product and super fast delivery 😍really happy.. Thank you flipkart!,Smart Watch,75
13849,5,entry level camera 3000 d best camera good quality,Smart Watch,50
13850,4,excellent,Smart Watch,9
13851,5,"amazing product for beginnen photographer, canon is always best and better than other Dslrs.amazing video shoot on this dslr.",Smart Watch,125
13852,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13853,5,Awesome Camera With Superb Picture Quality at This Reasonable Price..,Smart Watch,69
13854,5,it's my 1st camera and it's just awesome,Smart Watch,40
13855,4,super image quality,Smart Watch,19
13856,4,best for beginners,Smart Watch,18
13857,5,parfect time delivery and nice picture entry level cemera.,Smart Watch,58
13858,5,canon eos3000d is for beginners. Good image qulity and good battery backup. if you starting photography it's good for you.,Smart Watch,122
13859,5,great cam for beginners...,Smart Watch,26
13860,5,"Nice camera..... Good design,soft working..... Great camera",Smart Watch,59
13861,5,Just awesome,Smart Watch,12
13862,4,Great camera for beginners. Really very nice product in such price. Best entry level DSLR.,Smart Watch,90
13863,5,"Very good camera, Loved it ?",Smart Watch,28
13864,5,"Mind blowing purchase. I got this at 15299/- after discount in big billon day. The camera is awesome in photo quality. And one more thing I wanted to say, there are somany reviews and videos on youtube sayibg this 3000D build quality is plastic.. But belive me you don't feel this is plastic. Very descent build quality. You can go for this. And for lens mount it's not metal but it's very strong.",Smart Watch,397
13865,5,Got it yesterday. Working fine till now. Flipkart delivery is awesome.,Smart Watch,70
13866,4,All most good packed is also good,Smart Watch,33
13867,5,"Value for money, worth buying... 🖤",Smart Watch,34
13868,5,Best for beginners....,Smart Watch,22
13869,5,Very good camera in this range biginners go for it,Smart Watch,50
13870,5,This is my 1st camera and I just love it.,Smart Watch,41
13871,5,Good budject camera for bigners. All good other the body material. Its is plastic body. So need to take care..,Smart Watch,110
13872,4,fantastic camera😘😘😘,Smart Watch,19
13873,5,"I didnt know much about these DSLR s before owning this, I would suggest to buy a touch screen model by spending a little more. And always buy with bundled lens offer else it would cost a lot more to buy the 55/250 lens separately. The 18/55 lens which comes along is pretty basic.",Smart Watch,281
13874,4,superb,Smart Watch,6
13875,4,If you are about to buy your first camera then go for it blindly. It is the best device for beginners.,Smart Watch,102
13876,5,Awsone product..loved it.. Entry level dslr camera...best for the price...,Smart Watch,74
13877,5,Good for beginners & I got it for 22k during offers with free Motorola pulse Bluetooth headset,Smart Watch,94
13878,4,Really good for beginners just like me.,Smart Watch,39
13879,4,BEST CAMERA FOR PHOTO SHOOT AND VIDEO RECORDING 👇👇👇,Smart Watch,51
13880,4,awesome dslr but it's Very hard and difficult to focus and click pictures at free will during night time and low light conditions,Smart Watch,129
13881,5,Nice dslr my first dslr the best dslr osm,Smart Watch,41
13882,5,best for beginners....,Smart Watch,22
13883,5,I love canon 3000D,Smart Watch,18
13884,5,Best Camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
13885,5,I am first time DSLR'er. Felt like what I needed right now. Loved it.,Smart Watch,69
13886,5,Very Very good camera. I am satisfied.,Smart Watch,38
13887,5,super for beginners 🥰,Smart Watch,21
13888,3,Excellent product💞,Smart Watch,18
13889,5,These are simply owesome for the beginners. I bought it at Rs.20990 n i totally loved it. And i thank flipkart for delivering in time.,Smart Watch,134
13890,5,good for short distance because 18-55mm lens not clear blur far object so this camera is good blur to near object,Smart Watch,113
13891,5,awsome,Smart Watch,6
13892,4,best for beginners,Smart Watch,18
13893,5,"Only one word... EXCELLENT!!!  One of the best DSLR Camera to buy for Beginners. CANON, never comprimise the quality and standards.  Thanks CANON!",Smart Watch,146
13894,4,used 3000 D and lens used 70 300,Smart Watch,32
13895,5,So nice,Smart Watch,7
13896,5,Great camera for beginners,Smart Watch,26
13897,4,nice product.love it😃,Smart Watch,21
13898,5,If you are just a beginner and want a good product to to try out with all the settings. Capture some best images. go for it,Smart Watch,123
13899,5,Best Camera till now for personal use and for travellers. .,Smart Watch,59
13900,5,very good cam low price,Smart Watch,23
13901,5,Good for beginners ??,Smart Watch,21
13902,5,best entry level camera,Smart Watch,23
13903,3,super this price,Smart Watch,16
13904,4,Great camera at very affordable pricing. Just loved it👍👍,Smart Watch,56
13905,5,nice one 😍,Smart Watch,10
13906,5,Superb Dslr Camera... 😍,Smart Watch,23
13907,3,an excellent DSLR with low price,Smart Watch,32
13908,5,NYC camera for beginners.....and delivery boy behavior was very gentle....thanks Flipkart,Smart Watch,89
13909,5,I love camera 3000D very nice,Smart Watch,29
13910,5,For beginner its great option. I got this less than 17k. And i am sure no body can give this kind of deal on this camer. Thank you so much Flipkart,Smart Watch,147
13911,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
13912,5,Excellent camera .,Smart Watch,18
13913,5,Picture quality is awesome and it's the best choice for beginners,Smart Watch,65
13914,5,seller lot of times cancelled my return request it's not detecting memory card don't trust my money was gone totally disappointed my self am foolish worst product Canon 3000d,Smart Watch,174
13915,4,nice camera good for entry level.... worth it.,Smart Watch,46
13916,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
13917,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
13918,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
13919,5,Good for beginners. Image quality and features are good.,Smart Watch,56
13920,5,Great cheating by flipkart,Smart Watch,26
13921,1,Excellent 😊,Smart Watch,11
13922,4,Lovely camera 😍,Smart Watch,15
13923,5,worth it,Smart Watch,8
13924,5,Good product at low cost. better than a mobile camera. U can buy it instead of using mobile camera.,Smart Watch,99
13925,5,Bst for beginners Got this dslr only 18k on offer price Jst amazing,Smart Watch,67
13926,4,Nice product.....image quality is really good,Smart Watch,45
13927,1,excellent for basic photography,Smart Watch,31
13928,5,Nice product thanks flipkard ❤️nice,Smart Watch,35
13929,5,good camera for beginners and also easy to use image quality is nice,Smart Watch,68
13930,4,some feature missing. like remote pc connect not available. but good camera. I got 1 year and 8 months warranty.,Smart Watch,112
13931,5,"Awsm camera , light weight , easy to operate , Wifi function is great .. Tnx Flipkart 😊",Smart Watch,87
13932,5,Cheap and best. If you want more at this price then u r a fool. Best for the begginers,Smart Watch,86
13933,4,best DSLR canon EOS 3000,Smart Watch,24
13934,5,awesome picture quality .. I'm so happy,Smart Watch,39
13935,5,"best camera in this price range, for beginners",Smart Watch,46
13936,5,best DSLR,Smart Watch,9
13937,4,First of all I should had to go in Amazon. USB port not working. Return/exchange policy is very bad. Me and my family were doing shopping minimum 15k monthly shopping here which need be stop now onward.,Smart Watch,202
13938,5,NIC CAMERA BUT I HAVE H PROBLEM IN BAG QUALITY | its quality look like 3 class quality,Smart Watch,86
13939,5,image quality is good....and easy to use,Smart Watch,40
13940,5,v.good for beginners.. worth it as its price..,Smart Watch,46
13941,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
13942,5,It's good for beginners ❤,Smart Watch,25
13943,5,Pretty good for beginners you can learn how to switch auto ro manuals. Kit lens 18-55mm is not impressive . No chance with macro photography. For more info Check my page on instagram @shoot_at_sight.3000d,Smart Watch,204
13944,1,Amazing Camera,Smart Watch,14
13945,5,"This is not a camera, It's a Killer of all camera, superb, best in market",Smart Watch,73
13946,4,nice prfomence camera,Smart Watch,21
13947,5,nyc product for beginners photography and this price main awesome product ye single kit lens ke shot h,Smart Watch,102
13948,4,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
13949,5,Basic functionalities are good enough for a beginner to learn. It struggles a bit under low light conditions with the kit lens. Images produced are colour accurate.,Smart Watch,164
13950,3,Nice camera for beginners but have to change lence if u want take long shots....,Smart Watch,80
13951,5,nice images & my fast canon 3000d osama image,Smart Watch,45
13952,5,"A great entry level DSLR, having almost all the features like other EOS models . Love it.",Smart Watch,89
13953,5,value for money add a lense of 55-250 u will get awesome results these pics are clicked by 18-55 kit lense,Smart Watch,106
13954,5,very good products..time to time delivery..,Smart Watch,43
13955,5,My first camera..... Osm camera..,Smart Watch,33
13956,4,Satisfied,Smart Watch,9
13957,5,Pleased with the product. It's only drawback is that it doesn't have a separate on-off button.,Smart Watch,94
13958,5,Best for entry level photography. Budget friendly.,Smart Watch,50
13959,5,Good for beginners,Smart Watch,18
13960,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
13961,5,Best DSLR to begin with..,Smart Watch,25
13962,5,Very good camera,Smart Watch,16
13963,5,good experience,Smart Watch,15
13964,5,worth for money,Smart Watch,15
13965,5,good quality 🥰😘😘,Smart Watch,16
13966,4,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
13967,5,NYC product,Smart Watch,11
13968,5,Best Camera for beginners this is the best low-cost DSLR,Smart Watch,56
13969,5,Best choice for beginners DSLR photography...,Smart Watch,45
13970,5,outstanding,Smart Watch,11
13971,5,good dsrl for begginers thanks Flipkart for this exciting offers,Smart Watch,64
13972,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
13973,5,osm camera for beginners,Smart Watch,24
13974,5,order canon camera..recieved sony camera...so disappointing,Smart Watch,59
13975,5,Super camera my first DSLR super I love it,Smart Watch,42
13976,5,16 gb memory card was missing......dont buy it from flipkart.. If you want to buy it....buy it from amazon.,Smart Watch,107
13977,4,very .........nice,Smart Watch,18
13978,5,"dont buy this cAmera it does not support all external flashes , this camera only support TTL ...",Smart Watch,96
13979,4,"Pathetic built, display is gross. better go for nikon or 1500d",Smart Watch,62
13980,5,very nice camara canon,Smart Watch,22
13981,1,battery is not getting charged........and now dont know what to do😣😣,Smart Watch,68
13982,5,i relly thank fulll to flipkart Osm,Smart Watch,35
13983,1,"best entry level DSLR, I buy it for 16000/- On bigbillion days through Hdfc credit card Thanks to Flipkart",Smart Watch,106
13984,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
13985,1,"Don't buy this product, not upto the canon mark image quality and no return policy also...now I can't return it nor can't keep it",Smart Watch,129
13986,1,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
13987,5,Worth for a beginner !! Would recommend to have a 50 mm lens additionally to get start your photography skills 👍,Smart Watch,112
13988,1,Absolutely damaged product... There was white fungus under the display... Disgusting.. Neber expected that Flipkart Assured products will be of such pathetic quality!!! I was totally shocked to see the fungus..which was also not removable!!! Shame!!!,Smart Watch,250
13989,5,I recommended you to go with 1500d or others else,Smart Watch,49
13990,5,For learning purpose and make hobby fullfil is the best camera in it's price range and image quality is also good. Worth of money. Here some samples I have clicked using this camera.,Smart Watch,182
13991,5,Best entry Level DSLR at low price. Never expected such a good product under 20K. Camera quality: Just fabulous Rating: 4.8/5,Smart Watch,125
13992,1,Awesome for beginners go for it,Smart Watch,31
13993,5,Best Camera for Beginners. Image quality is best. Zoom is only 3x. Paisa wasool.,Smart Watch,80
13994,5,Good for beginners Image quality is also good,Smart Watch,45
13995,1,Best for learn beginning photography,Smart Watch,36
13996,2,Good product,Smart Watch,12
13997,4,"Just go fr it guyz, itz awsm camera ❤️",Smart Watch,38
13998,5,nice camara under 23000 Takar modda,Smart Watch,35
13999,5,it's very Good products and original canon product fast delivery so satisfying,Smart Watch,78
14000,5,Superrrr,Smart Watch,8
14001,3,good product I m so happy bhut time lga laine me love u,Smart Watch,55
14002,3,Awesome... Awesome... I got it with price of 15k+ during Big billion day sale. I feel it was very cheap price for such a classy products... love you my first camera Canon,Smart Watch,170
14003,5,I think best camera for the beginners. Pic quality is too good. I bought it in Rs. 18799/-.,Smart Watch,91
14004,4,Excellent camera,Smart Watch,16
14005,5,It's awesome clarity,Smart Watch,20
14006,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
14007,5,value for money product,Smart Watch,23
14008,5,Simply superb for beginners,Smart Watch,27
14009,5,nice camera that in my hand,Smart Watch,27
14010,5,Good I like it And buy this product good working,Smart Watch,48
14011,5,Good camera....,Smart Watch,15
14012,5,good,Smart Watch,4
14013,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14014,5,Thank you Flipkart cool product,Smart Watch,31
14015,5,splendid camera.. though m beginner at photography. this piece steals the show. still need to find out how to make the features available.. but pics says it all,Smart Watch,160
14016,4,"nice 📷 camera good pixils,",Smart Watch,26
14017,5,good quality pictures,Smart Watch,21
14018,4,awesome,Smart Watch,7
14019,4,Good for beginners. Interface cable must include with camera,Smart Watch,60
14020,5,Excellent good budget only personal use,Smart Watch,39
14021,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
14022,5,Super qulaty ❤️😍😍😍,Smart Watch,18
14023,4,Loved it,Smart Watch,8
14024,5,Such a nice camera with lens and affordable price. thanks Flipkart🥰🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,70
14025,5,Images Awesome..but Display quality very low,Smart Watch,44
14026,4,My first pic and awesome camera for beginners,Smart Watch,45
14027,4,amazing product but 4 stars because delayed delivery but except that everything is great loved it 😍,Smart Watch,99
14028,5,Excellent quality & really amazing picture quality,Smart Watch,50
14029,5,Worth of money.. love you canon. Thnks flipkart,Smart Watch,47
14030,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
14031,5,plastic mount,Smart Watch,13
14032,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14033,5,Good for the price but I would suggest if you have money then go for 1500d. Can capture decent picture but the display size and color production is very poor if you compare it with 1300d or 1500d.  I have attached some sample shots. For more sample shots you can visit (Abhinav____ on instagram),Smart Watch,295
14034,4,Good camra for click photo Use for only parsonaly not for business Best result with 1.8 prime lens 50mm See my pictures and comment me,Smart Watch,134
14035,5,Nyc thise camera,Smart Watch,16
14036,5,Mast quality,Smart Watch,12
14037,4,Good product I love it,Smart Watch,22
14038,3,"As like all the reviews, This one is a Best choice if you are a beginner in photography. The camera body is quite grippy, Comfortable button placements, Easy to control the mannual settings to adjust shutter speed, ISO, and aperture.",Smart Watch,233
14039,5,Good 1,Smart Watch,6
14040,5,I bought this camera in the year 2018 for 16K giving this review after more than 2yreas of using. Its a complete satisfaction I must say. With its wifi and remote photography options what more can you expect at this price. It a perfect choice for some who wants to learn.,Smart Watch,271
14041,4,"everything reached in a perfect shape without any damage , cam is too good , but should be bought only with the zoom lens, kit lens is not that much useful.features are awesome. it is wifi enabled to share your photos. thorugh wifi u can connect ur mobile ,which can show the live cam screen on your mobile . flash is good i got it at 21500 without zoom lens. upto now there r no reasons to mark it a bad one ,except the reasons to say it is an awesome product at such a price.",Smart Watch,477
14042,5,Good to start,Smart Watch,13
14043,5,"Got it for 20k flat ! Excellent product for beginners and learners ! It even comes with a free learning courseware subscription the box ! Only thing tou need to take care is that the Mount ring lacks steel reinforcement, so lens changes need to be carefully done....",Smart Watch,266
14044,5,"For 19k its worth only, country of origin: Thailand",Smart Watch,51
14045,4,This camera better to buy in this prise 👍 and simply super options.,Smart Watch,67
14046,4,My first DSLR good one for beginners easy to use and worth for mony.,Smart Watch,68
14047,5,Good camera below 20k,Smart Watch,21
14048,5,Best 😍,Smart Watch,6
14049,5,Lerning camera nothing better than anythings,Smart Watch,44
14050,5,Really osm 🥰🥰 good product... Am so happy 😘,Smart Watch,43
14051,5,love it,Smart Watch,7
14052,4,Awesome camera 😊😊,Smart Watch,17
14053,5,Good for beginners. Go for it.,Smart Watch,30
14054,5,Gud quality,Smart Watch,11
14055,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14056,5,Great Photos with this dslr,Smart Watch,27
14057,5,Satisfied😊,Smart Watch,10
14058,5,Just wow????,Smart Watch,12
14059,5,best i get in 15k only Thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,38
14060,5,"Its being 2 months that I have used this product. I must say that every pics gives me a complete satisfaction. There are a lot of new things that you can learn, and also you can show your creativity. Go for it without a doubt",Smart Watch,225
14061,5,satisfied,Smart Watch,9
14062,5,superb pictures,Smart Watch,15
14063,5,Best DSLR for beginners...,Smart Watch,26
14064,4,good camera at this price.. lense isn't that good..,Smart Watch,51
14065,5,nice camera and good picture quality,Smart Watch,36
14066,5,awesome product,Smart Watch,15
14067,5,Awesome Camera My First Camara,Smart Watch,30
14068,4,Overall perfect for a beginner. Nice packing and timely delivery.,Smart Watch,65
14069,5,great cam,Smart Watch,9
14070,5,Awesome DSLR in this range.....!!!,Smart Watch,34
14071,5,good camra,Smart Watch,10
14072,5,", outstanding product",Smart Watch,21
14073,5,a perfect dslr for the beginner's. just loved it,Smart Watch,48
14074,5,superb dslr,Smart Watch,11
14075,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14076,5,it's best DSLR under 20k....,Smart Watch,28
14077,5,Product is very good. But delivery services are very bad,Smart Watch,56
14078,5,nice DSLR,Smart Watch,9
14079,5,superbbb pic quality. great product in low price.,Smart Watch,49
14080,5,good products,Smart Watch,13
14081,5,Superb camera.,Smart Watch,14
14082,5,Budget camera,Smart Watch,13
14083,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14084,5,Too good,Smart Watch,8
14085,5,There is a problem in auto zoom. It takes a lot of time in stabilizing the focus. I tried a lot to return and sorder a higher version ..but Flipkart policy has changed and this is creating a problem for us.  I request Flipkart to consider return also...not just replacement.. because we put a lot of money in products and if that comes out to be bad...then we are stuck. I'll make sure not to order anything . Would prefer buying it after testing in the market .. paying a bit more .. Atleast 500...,Smart Watch,499
14086,5,good,Smart Watch,4
14087,4,Nice camera.with perfact price👌👌👌,Smart Watch,33
14088,5,best camera available i just got it for rs 18999.0,Smart Watch,50
14089,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
14090,4,best for beginers ill just say its osm,Smart Watch,38
14091,3,super... my first DSLR.... it's my birthday gift from my wife....,Smart Watch,65
14092,1,waste of money,Smart Watch,14
14093,4,i just love this cammera delivery is so fast .cammera is amazing,Smart Watch,64
14094,5,excellent product ....,Smart Watch,22
14095,5,"It's is most wonderful camera but single that one this bad 18_55 lens only camera bulr on back ground super low zooming one of this bad but money value able camera... Good, super, osm, vera 11,",Smart Watch,193
14096,4,excellent packing and product.,Smart Watch,30
14097,5,"Good camera for personal use,",Smart Watch,29
14098,5,Very bad return policies. I will not buy in future anything... Baster policies,Smart Watch,78
14099,1,it is wow camera it is better than Nikon d3400 heavy performance,Smart Watch,64
14100,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
14101,5,nice photo,Smart Watch,10
14102,5,Quality is good in this price range...,Smart Watch,38
14103,4,good,Smart Watch,4
14104,5,Pixel quality bad when image zooming,Smart Watch,36
14105,5,Nice pics,Smart Watch,9
14106,5,Just awesome Battery backup upto 7hrs for continuous shoot Quality of picture is good User friendly for beginners Overall performance was good Thanks to flipkart and seller Written this review after one month usage.,Smart Watch,215
14107,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14108,5,Image reasult is awesome Camera quality so good,Smart Watch,47
14109,4,Camera is amazing. But i didn't get memory card and bag with it so a lil bit disappointed. But overall the camera is awesome Ho for it i got is for 22k I'd suggest you to buy it in big billion days you may get it for 18 to 19k rupees.,Smart Watch,234
14110,5,If you're Planning to buy this camera for video shoot then you are going to do a big mistake because it's video quality is too much poor .,Smart Watch,138
14111,3,Very nice camera... But main thing is that I don't know some of its functions so after using 3-4 months I will give my review again,Smart Watch,131
14112,5,Blur system is very good,Smart Watch,24
14113,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14114,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14115,5,So Nice.I love this,Smart Watch,19
14116,4,Camera is good but storage is not enough camera quality is very nice this is expensive but according to price features very less.,Smart Watch,129
14117,1,Good product for the price range.,Smart Watch,33
14118,5,Super 💕,Smart Watch,7
14119,5,Awesome product i.e. dslr camera at this price . I am using it since 5 months..,Smart Watch,79
14120,4,Awesome in this price range great quality,Smart Watch,41
14121,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14122,5,Very good photo,Smart Watch,15
14123,3,Wast of mony,Smart Watch,12
14124,4,"Product is very good. Got in okay condition, but Flipkart has not packed it safely as it's a sophisticated product which needs to be packed for safety during shipping. And secondly I want to mention this time Flipkart fooled me by not giving the camera bag with the pack. Memory card is also excluded from the pack. Atleast bag should be there.",Smart Watch,344
14125,5,Very good camera but hotshoe system is not satisfied,Smart Watch,52
14126,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
14127,4,Always guves a crisp image. Best for beginner. And I am a beginner.,Smart Watch,67
14128,5,"At least it should have the basic accessories like beg, datacable to connect to or laptop and a memory card.... top of the camera need to expend more then 5k to buy basic accessories.",Smart Watch,183
14129,5,Best option as an entry level DSLR. And with 18-55 lens still manages to get background blurred pictures.,Smart Watch,105
14130,1,"Two reasons for not rating 5 stars. One, I would have paid a bit more for a memory card too. Please include it, it's not complete without one. Two is more a camera display issue- it tends to randomly become quite white. I just passed my return by date, so I can't return, but it's a random issue. I've seen that reinserting the battery solves it.",Smart Watch,346
14131,5,At this price..it is okay.but if you are expecting professional quality fotography then it is not for you..Go for some higher price model.,Smart Watch,138
14132,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14133,4,Excellent product the picture is much more good,Smart Watch,47
14134,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14135,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14136,4,Good for entry level. I bought is super cheap at 19k. Wait for offers.. if want a bit better one go for 1500d,Smart Watch,109
14137,4,Not happy ...not focusing properly,Smart Watch,34
14138,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14139,5,Canon is best,Smart Watch,13
14140,4,It's a great camera. Love this functions. It's very simple to use.,Smart Watch,66
14141,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14142,5,Budget camera 📷📷,Smart Watch,16
14143,5,Nis,Smart Watch,3
14144,1,Preface for personal photography,Smart Watch,32
14145,3,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
14146,5,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
14147,4,"Picture Quality is very good. Satisfied with the auto focus lens, night portrait mode is awesome. Video quality not that good. Value for money. Best for beginners start up.",Smart Watch,172
14148,5,Good dslr for beginners,Smart Watch,23
14149,5,Just buy this and later on buy extra lens from canon. Its handy and perfect.,Smart Watch,76
14150,5,Good camera for Beginners,Smart Watch,25
14151,4,My fast DSLR it's osm 😍,Smart Watch,23
14152,5,"Nice Camera...I brought this Camera for my Brother in Big Billions sales with No Cost EMI at 18880 INR... Thank you Flipkart...from Manipur, Moreh.",Smart Watch,147
14153,4,Need other lens to be get long shots,Smart Watch,36
14154,4,Fantastic 📷,Smart Watch,11
14155,4,It's in mid-range best quality.,Smart Watch,31
14156,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14157,5,Bast beginner camera go for it ..,Smart Watch,33
14158,4,im happy,Smart Watch,8
14159,4,Super n,Smart Watch,7
14160,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14161,5,Very nice product.... I am very Happy,Smart Watch,37
14162,4,Superb in this range of money...,Smart Watch,32
14163,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14164,5,Bro Genuine product M.D: 08:20 Thanks Seller.,Smart Watch,45
14165,5,Recommended.. Have to learn the trick after that uh uh can capture everything so easily.. Go for it ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,104
14166,5,Good One for beginers,Smart Watch,21
14167,4,Amazing photos and videos,Smart Watch,25
14168,5,Good quality 😀,Smart Watch,14
14169,5,Best Dslr camera for beginners📸📷,Smart Watch,32
14170,4,Loved it ❤️,Smart Watch,11
14171,5,Camera is damn good. I would suggest every beginner to buy this camera.But if you want to shoot videos go for other camera this camera don't have external mic.I have given 4 stars only due to delivery service i got this after 11 days,Smart Watch,233
14172,5,my 1st camera....I like it,Smart Watch,26
14173,5,Good lv it,Smart Watch,10
14174,5,Best Beginner's DSLR.,Smart Watch,21
14175,5,Very good dslr camera..same as 1300d but advantage is 3000d is lighter weight.only disadvantage is it's lcd resolution.,Smart Watch,119
14176,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14177,5,Awesome for only photography perpas...I bought this camera Rs-15299... great grab...,Smart Watch,84
14178,4,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
14179,5,Great for beginners,Smart Watch,19
14180,5,Nice pitcher quality,Smart Watch,20
14181,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14182,5,Awesome i got in 16.5k so i would suggest instead of 1500d go for 3000d same thing in less prz,Smart Watch,94
14183,4,Good for beginners... Very user friendly...,Smart Watch,43
14184,5,It is nice,Smart Watch,10
14185,5,Good camera but only thing is that it focus take very long time,Smart Watch,63
14186,5,Its very good camera for beginners. I got this product in 16499/- . With 50 mm lens its superb,Smart Watch,94
14187,5,Simply awsome,Smart Watch,13
14188,5,"All is very good , but lens 70-300 is very expensive.",Smart Watch,53
14189,4,Good Product..nice camera,Smart Watch,25
14190,5,Superb camera for beginners who wants to be a photographer.,Smart Watch,59
14191,3,"best DSLR for those who want to but first DSLR,best entry level DSLR,amazing picture quality. pros-great image quality,affordable,light weight,good battery life cons-not great for videography,not for night photography",Smart Watch,217
14192,4,Nice good tq canon,Smart Watch,18
14193,4,Nice camera for the youth❤,Smart Watch,26
14194,5,Best in class!!! IF YOU HAVE INTEREST IN PHOTOGRAPHY ONLY THAN THIS IS FOR YOU.. Surprisingly PERFECT and most important is under the BUDGET!!!,Smart Watch,143
14195,4,Really impressed with camera effect. Nice image quality easy access through WiFi through phone no need cables to copy.,Smart Watch,118
14196,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
14197,5,Random shots in auto mode the pictures are great good canon,Smart Watch,59
14198,5,Camera quality is perfect💯 I like the lens most 🤑🤑🤑🤑,Smart Watch,52
14199,4,Awsome product 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,18
14200,5,Vlaue of money 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,Smart Watch,23
14201,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
14202,5,Camera is soo good. Quality so cool.,Smart Watch,36
14203,5,Ossam products,Smart Watch,14
14204,5,Great,Smart Watch,5
14205,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14206,5,it is very good dslr for new people who thinks that photography is their passion not very expensive yet the good product with complete package. some sample taking from this camera very good camera for new commers,Smart Watch,212
14207,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
14208,5,Best Value For Money DSLR.,Smart Watch,26
14209,5,loved it,Smart Watch,8
14210,3,best dslr on this price,Smart Watch,23
14211,5,picture quality is awesome.......,Smart Watch,33
14212,5,super quality pixel,Smart Watch,19
14213,5,good camera for entry level.,Smart Watch,28
14214,5,osam,Smart Watch,4
14215,4,Great Picture... Good for beginners,Smart Watch,35
14216,5,value for money,Smart Watch,15
14217,5,best beginners camera. Got it in billion day sale for 16999..best price for a fully functional dslr camera. an additional lens can be purchased as the stock one along with cam is a landscape lens. lightweight body and all shooting modes available.,Smart Watch,247
14218,5,I am very happy it's better,Smart Watch,27
14219,5,Just Awesome,Smart Watch,12
14220,4,super,Smart Watch,5
14221,5,Vern nice product,Smart Watch,17
14222,5,good pictures.. weight less,Smart Watch,27
14223,5,Not good for video,Smart Watch,18
14224,5,Nice Camera under 20000 good image captured,Smart Watch,43
14225,5,awesome purchase got in 16799,Smart Watch,29
14226,5,Nice DSLR to start with,Smart Watch,23
14227,5,good for entry level camera but not as good as accepted...,Smart Watch,58
14228,5,Outdoor photography results is good. Low light very poor,Smart Watch,56
14229,5,Nice camera in budget.,Smart Watch,22
14230,2,"Got this @14,500 in sale, very good product",Smart Watch,43
14231,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14232,5,camera quality is very good.,Smart Watch,28
14233,5,Nice dslr for beginners.,Smart Watch,24
14234,3,nice,Smart Watch,4
14235,4,Good product for beginners..  I got this cam within 2days,Smart Watch,57
14236,5,this is a good product.love it,Smart Watch,30
14237,5,good product in this price range.,Smart Watch,33
14238,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14239,4,Fabulousl..product........ 😘,Smart Watch,28
14240,5,Awesome product got it before expected delivery...,Smart Watch,50
14241,4,This is a amazing camera..,Smart Watch,26
14242,5,Awesome product thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,34
14243,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14244,5,1.Best Budget camera 2.Battery backup is good 3.Image quality is good.( white balance is avarage ) ( Image sharpness is avarage) 4.Best for Beginners 5.Flipkart Delivery is good. 6.Perfect Packing Delivery,Smart Watch,205
14245,4,awesome products love you canon,Smart Watch,31
14246,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14247,5,Excellent camera. Does all the work. WiFi is excellent. Photos transferred to iphone smoothly. Colour quality fantastic in manual and auto mode.,Smart Watch,144
14248,5,amazing camera quality.....but lense z not usable for wild life photography... zooming power is too short,Smart Watch,105
14249,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14250,4,For learner it's a good DSLR,Smart Watch,28
14251,4,good camera... but for indoor shoot it's not good,Smart Watch,49
14252,5,its just my budget awsm dslr,Smart Watch,28
14253,4,good,Smart Watch,4
14254,5,dilever time to longer and product serial no mistake in tex invoice,Smart Watch,67
14255,2,great product,Smart Watch,13
14256,5,"Got if just for 19,990 along with a moto pulse escape. To say it's the best deal I have ever got in my life. The camera is just amazing at 20k price range. I would just say GO FOR IT if you are a beginner",Smart Watch,204
14257,3,Nice camera for the beginners ..,Smart Watch,32
14258,5,Thank Q. I recived it in time and good one.but we brought for our personal use and we need demo wher should we go,Smart Watch,113
14259,5,"Image quality isn't so great, rendering grainy images even at low iso, too slow auto focus and low battery with stand time",Smart Watch,122
14260,3,nice product and on time delivery by flipkart thank u . packed well,Smart Watch,67
14261,3,"Worst product for those who prefers video recording,they haven't mentioned it in description also,even the display size is less than the lower model 1300.it is simply waste. Better to go with some products of nikon.",Smart Watch,215
14262,5,MEMORY CARD NOT RECEIVED,Smart Watch,24
14263,5,1500d is batter than 3000d i have expressed both 1500d have batter functions than 3000 before buy compare led size auto open flash and one click on and off option awailable,Smart Watch,172
14264,5,"One of the best DSLR cameras for the beginners although I don't know much about photography took this camera as it was there in incredible deal of 20,000. The camera has no built in flash you have to buy a seperate flasher from the market or from Flipkart. The packing and the delivery from flipkart was smooth.",Smart Watch,311
14265,4,"Very low resolution, it's not useful",Smart Watch,36
14266,3,Very poor quality,Smart Watch,17
14267,5,"Worst... Just for beginners who wants learning photography, 🤘",Smart Watch,61
14268,1,It's not supporting memory card I have changed so many memory cards but nothing is supporting and two times pick master have denied to take back the product saying that the serial numbers of the product is showing invalid in his device,Smart Watch,235
14269,1,Good. Not bed. Better for beginners,Smart Watch,35
14270,5,Nice product....❤️📸,Smart Watch,19
14271,4,my first DSLR camera good camera 17249 purchased for cost 😍 Awesome the beginner,Smart Watch,80
14272,1,Very nice camera 📸,Smart Watch,18
14273,1,"Very Worst Failure Model of Canon not worth for money , choose another model , quality of pic is not nice and features are less",Smart Watch,127
14274,1,For the beginners this is best camera,Smart Watch,37
14275,1,"Using 1300d earlier Almost same picture quality But the display is not good,capture photo and transfer it to your phone and than see the clarity When you see the photo through the camera display,it doesn't feels so good",Smart Watch,219
14276,4,very good camera in budget,Smart Watch,26
14277,5,Best choice for choosing canon EOS 3000D for Biggeners... I loved it...,Smart Watch,71
14278,5,good,Smart Watch,4
14279,5,this camera is awesome and I am very happy with this product and I used 18-55 kit lens thanks to flipcart,Smart Watch,105
14280,1,awesome camera...... I love this,Smart Watch,32
14281,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14282,5,Just Great.... Delivery is too fast... Apart from no flash button and no I piece wheel everything is OK. Image quality is as good as other crop sensor DSLR,Smart Watch,155
14283,5,I am happy,Smart Watch,10
14284,5,good...😊,Smart Watch,8
14285,5,satisfied 😊,Smart Watch,11
14286,5,superb product and delevired by flp crt.,Smart Watch,40
14287,5,awsome product,Smart Watch,14
14288,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14289,4,"awsome camera, photo calarity nice similar to 1300d as no change",Smart Watch,64
14290,5,It is very useful to beginners,Smart Watch,30
14291,4,amazing,Smart Watch,7
14292,5,USB cable and slot is not available,Smart Watch,35
14293,5,camra quality,Smart Watch,13
14294,5,camera is good but the headset which they provided was 2 year older.. i went for this camera because of that moto headset only.. finally i got old which seems less durable.. i should have went for 1500d..😐😐😐 waste of 1000 rupees extra for tat headset,Smart Watch,250
14295,5,It's not use for studio photography. because its not suitable for external flash or trigger. I am very upsetting.,Smart Watch,113
14296,5,Bad quality for this camera and not viedo shoot best,Smart Watch,52
14297,5,worst lens 18-55 picture not blur it's a passport pic DSLR not satisfied,Smart Watch,72
14298,4,"Overall product is good. Light weight, easy to handle. The only issue is, in description. They said there is 30x optical zoom whereas it only zoom upto 3x with 18-55mm lens, so it is my humble request to FLIPKART sales team to review the description once on their end before putting it on website.",Smart Watch,297
14299,2,"good product with reasonable price, Best product for beginners however image quality is Morethan 4K with manual settings.",Smart Watch,121
14300,5,Not a good camera. Worst lenses,Smart Watch,31
14301,1,Nice pic,Smart Watch,8
14302,3,This is my first dslr camera 📷 All the Fun are good and a entry level budget cam..,Smart Watch,82
14303,1,Awesome 😊,Smart Watch,9
14304,5,Bag missing,Smart Watch,11
14305,4,Best camera for low price,Smart Watch,25
14306,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14307,5,Bad quality no refund,Smart Watch,21
14308,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14309,5,Best DSLR FOR BEGINNERS,Smart Watch,23
14310,5,bad,Smart Watch,3
14311,1,It's very good for beginners but they didn't provide memory card. The picture and video are good.,Smart Watch,97
14312,5,Osm pic quality.. must buy,Smart Watch,26
14313,5,great camera price good 🥵 setisfy,Smart Watch,33
14314,1,It's good but the it doesn't provide memory card that the bad thing,Smart Watch,67
14315,5,Amazing quality and great delivery,Smart Watch,34
14316,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14317,1,Osm,Smart Watch,3
14318,5,Nic camera,Smart Watch,10
14319,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14320,5,Good for beginners.,Smart Watch,19
14321,3,Great,Smart Watch,5
14322,5,Very good Camera,Smart Watch,16
14323,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14324,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14325,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14326,4,Good. Not the best.. Auto Focusing time is more.. Photos are not beter than smart phone. Only for study purpose one can use it.,Smart Watch,127
14327,3,A very good experience A steady entry level camera Good photography Good videography with excellent audio record Manual mode is op..🔥,Smart Watch,133
14328,5,"fully satisfited , I am the beginner of dslr I feel really good, but it is not made for professional photographer .",Smart Watch,115
14329,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14330,5,overall ok . awesome camera.. But I didn't get the memory card and camera bag with the camera... should be given in my opinion,Smart Watch,126
14331,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14332,5,Good DSLR for beginners but need higher focul length lens to capture long distance picture.,Smart Watch,91
14333,3,Value for money 😀😀 Love it❤️❤️,Smart Watch,30
14334,5,Not good as 1500d,Smart Watch,17
14335,5,"Very good, but they should provide carry bag also",Smart Watch,49
14336,4,Nice camera 📸 i Love you canon,Smart Watch,30
14337,5,I am very happy of this dslr flipkart always send me good product ❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,74
14338,5,Great product Thankyou flipkart My 1st dslr 😝🤩,Smart Watch,46
14339,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14340,5,Pics superr but video not good more.then issues,Smart Watch,47
14341,2,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14342,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
14343,5,My 1st dslr ..love it...,Smart Watch,24
14344,5,"Camera nice for beginners, need 55-250mm Lens for best quality pic. It's wifi facility working very nicely.",Smart Watch,107
14345,5,Best Camera... In low price.,Smart Watch,28
14346,5,Great 👍 Love it 😊,Smart Watch,17
14347,3,Excellent product in this price range. I love it,Smart Watch,48
14348,5,Good Photo,Smart Watch,10
14349,5,Value for money very nice product,Smart Watch,33
14350,5,Brilliant for beginners like me…,Smart Watch,32
14351,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14352,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14353,5,Good quality and super model...thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,49
14354,5,It's Super cam low price good quality i love it🥰,Smart Watch,48
14355,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14356,5,Waste less and useless also Flipkart did it itself for resolve issue,Smart Watch,68
14357,5,Thanks job,Smart Watch,10
14358,3,Super camara best DSLR,Smart Watch,22
14359,4,Very good product I am so happy message,Smart Watch,39
14360,5,Nice product 👍,Smart Watch,14
14361,5,Picture clarity is very poor.,Smart Watch,29
14362,5,"Great quality of picture...great price, thanks to Big Billion days offer...",Smart Watch,75
14363,1,Decent quality image. Great for beginners.,Smart Watch,42
14364,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
14365,5,My first DSLR camera thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,36
14366,5,Good!,Smart Watch,5
14367,4,Love this product❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,29
14368,1,I love it 😍😍,Smart Watch,12
14369,5,Its simple awesome i just love it😊😊😊😊😘😘,Smart Watch,39
14370,4,Nice camera good picture quality.,Smart Watch,33
14371,5,Good par on bag,Smart Watch,15
14372,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14373,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14374,5,Best camera Best canon camara Eos 3000,Smart Watch,38
14375,5,Bad Points :  😏 No Bags / Memory Card Given with the product 😒 Doesn't have port to connect mic 😐 Not suitable for Video recoding  Good Point :  😊 Picture quality is nice with this DSLR. 😍 Price is much less compared to other camera (purchased on BBD 2021),Smart Watch,256
14376,5,This camera is very cool and very good which i am very happy and the one who came to do jalebi was also very nice Nice,Smart Watch,118
14377,5,"Good product for the price, but increased recently. No bag, no memory card all freebies removed. Not easy to use upon receiving",Smart Watch,127
14378,2,Awsome products I am waiting to buy since from one year tnq flipkart for Big Billion day... Thank you🙏,Smart Watch,102
14379,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14380,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14381,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
14382,3,Saifurrahaman Nice DSLR wow,Smart Watch,27
14383,5,Best DSLR in entry level segment,Smart Watch,32
14384,3,Best quality.. full HD..,Smart Watch,24
14385,5,Good Qualities,Smart Watch,14
14386,5,Wow so nice 👌😎 canon camera and beautiful clearity for this camera thanks for filipcart good and best products thanks for filipcart and your team and best saller,Smart Watch,161
14387,4,Best DSLR for beginners with good price range.,Smart Watch,46
14388,5,Thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,18
14389,5,"Good product picture quality is great, good one for beginner",Smart Watch,60
14390,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14391,5,Very nice looking and quality,Smart Watch,29
14392,5,Very good. Just loving it. Clicked many pictures with the camera already 🤣,Smart Watch,74
14393,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14394,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14395,4,Nice Camera,Smart Watch,11
14396,5,Product was awesome but I didn't receive free 16GB SD card,Smart Watch,58
14397,5,Camera was perfect but I think price should be a little less.. Overall OK...,Smart Watch,76
14398,4,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
14399,5,Awesome 😎,Smart Watch,9
14400,5,Good Quality Worth of Money Starting Level user best camera,Smart Watch,59
14401,5,Worest site,Smart Watch,11
14402,5,Best for Begeniears,Smart Watch,19
14403,4,GOOD,Smart Watch,4
14404,3,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14405,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
14406,5,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
14407,5,Best product at this price range,Smart Watch,32
14408,1,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Smart Watch,33
14409,4,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Smart Watch,39
14410,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
14411,5,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Smart Watch,30
14412,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Smart Watch,151
14413,4,Amazing results,Smart Watch,15
14414,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Smart Watch,72
14415,5,"Very nice product, as I am a fresher there are lots of things to do with this machine 😀",Smart Watch,87
14416,5,OK,Smart Watch,2
14417,1,Super quality..........,Smart Watch,23
14418,5,Cannon 3000D,Smart Watch,12
14419,5,Do not by the product the battery backup is very bad and camera was low blur and there Delivery was slow ahe bad services,Smart Watch,121
14420,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14421,1,Its product is very nice,Smart Watch,24
14422,5,Love the at this price point value form money product,Smart Watch,53
14423,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14424,5,For beginners it's too good,Smart Watch,27
14425,5,Nice camera photo is good battery backup is good,Smart Watch,48
14426,1,No 1 camara Canon EOS 3000D,Smart Watch,27
14427,5,Super value for money. Amazing deal. Highly recommended.,Smart Watch,56
14428,4,Picture quality is ok .,Smart Watch,23
14429,5,It's absolutely best for beginners,Smart Watch,34
14430,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14431,5,Love it,Smart Watch,7
14432,5,Just amazing battery backup 👌💯,Smart Watch,30
14433,5,Overall good DLS. Display panel could have been better,Smart Watch,54
14434,5,nice but lens will no clarity,Smart Watch,29
14435,3,DSLR quality photos 18 MP with CMOS sensor Memory card was not included.,Smart Watch,72
14436,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14437,5,Worst camera,Smart Watch,12
14438,4,Very bad 😑,Smart Watch,10
14439,5,Nice product in low budget,Smart Watch,26
14440,4,Osm camera I have purchased only 21499,Smart Watch,38
14441,2,Super camera,Smart Watch,12
14442,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
14443,4,Money is worthy..🔥,Smart Watch,18
14444,1,Good deal,Smart Watch,9
14445,1,Camera is good but seller has to provide memory card also,Smart Watch,57
14446,4,Nice Product..,Smart Watch,14
14447,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14448,5,Worst experience,Smart Watch,16
14449,5,Quality is super I like very much,Smart Watch,33
14450,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14451,4,Best budget dslr ever... Awesome pictures quality.. Thank you flipkart... ❤canon❤,Smart Watch,81
14452,4,Camera is osm....,Smart Watch,17
14453,5,Most beautiful,Smart Watch,14
14454,5,Good for beginners.,Smart Watch,19
14455,1,Beginners camera point and shoot only manual settings are not accurate,Smart Watch,70
14456,5,Best for basic learner.,Smart Watch,23
14457,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14458,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14459,5,Good product and worthy by price..easy to handy as a beginner happy with camera features and picture quality🙂,Smart Watch,109
14460,5,Image Quality is bad,Smart Watch,20
14461,5,Photo quality is best in this price,Smart Watch,35
14462,3,Nice product 😍,Smart Watch,14
14463,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14464,5,Excellent camera. Easy to operate.,Smart Watch,34
14465,5,No bag and memory car,Smart Watch,21
14466,4,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
14467,1,Is good working,Smart Watch,15
14468,4,Supper,Smart Watch,6
14469,5,23162 INR GOOD CAMERA. FOR BEGAIMER,Smart Watch,35
14470,5,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
14471,5,Best camera 👍,Smart Watch,13
14472,3,Best product but not included camera bag,Smart Watch,40
14473,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14474,5,Camera is good for beginners and I have not received SD memory card slot .no attach memory you want to buy yourself. I have received camera for 20999 in offer but not memory card is not there,Smart Watch,191
14475,4,It’s a amazing product and easy to use budget dslr .the entire level Phorography camera,Smart Watch,87
14476,5,"Awesome purchase.. bought it for 19,999 in flipkart sale... Thanks to flipkart..",Smart Watch,80
14477,5,Wow nice 😍😍,Smart Watch,11
14478,5,Delivered in two days. Got it for 19999 in a deal. No bag and memory card in package as described by other users in reviews. Pics are decent and you can go for quality lens if the given lens are not satisfied. Pics in low light are not great and decent pics with natural day light.  Overall it's a nice camera with good price for beginners to start with and you can learn the tips from canon website or else from youtube.,Smart Watch,421
14479,5,Best dslr at this price segment amazing picture Collett Happy for it. But bag and memory Card was not included in box. It needs to be puchase sepratly. I bot this for 20000,Smart Watch,172
14480,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14481,4,Great,Smart Watch,5
14482,5,Veery good quality product best dslr in this price.,Smart Watch,51
14483,5,Worth for the money simply superb for the beginers,Smart Watch,50
14484,5,Super quality product 👍 and so valuable item. amazing,Smart Watch,53
14485,4,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
14486,5,Nice camera value for money my review editing and without editing photo,Smart Watch,71
14487,5,Very nice 🙂,Smart Watch,11
14488,5,Good quality.. Canon... But in side no memory card,Smart Watch,50
14489,5,Nice camera for photography,Smart Watch,27
14490,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14491,5,Excellent product ❤️ it 😌,Smart Watch,25
14492,5,But the price is so high,Smart Watch,24
14493,5,Image quality is best 👍,Smart Watch,23
14494,5,Good light weight,Smart Watch,17
14495,5,Tq bro,Smart Watch,6
14496,5,Good product amazing product,Smart Watch,28
14497,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
14498,5,"Excellent camera, I am satisfied with Canon 3000",Smart Watch,48
14499,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14500,5,One of the best budget dslr for freshers..,Smart Watch,42
14501,5,Camera is good but external flash not supporting to this model and mic option is not available,Smart Watch,94
14502,5,Quality is amazing And wonderful product And I am totally satisfy with the product,Smart Watch,82
14503,5,"Value for money,, better this price",Smart Watch,35
14504,5,Super products love you flipkart and Gadget store seller.,Smart Watch,57
14505,5,Quality is waste not good don't buy,Smart Watch,35
14506,4,I liked the product but price is more,Smart Watch,37
14507,5,Nice capturing 💪,Smart Watch,16
14508,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14509,5,Worst exp. With purchase ... Very bad seller  Kindly read reviews properly before buying ... Will elaborate my issue soon,Smart Watch,121
14510,4,Very good DSLR in this budget.,Smart Watch,30
14511,5,Good to have this kind of camera,Smart Watch,32
14512,1,Awesome product thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,31
14513,4,Superb !!,Smart Watch,9
14514,5,Rs@21700/- is best price ever..,Smart Watch,31
14515,4,Worsted product not working,Smart Watch,27
14516,1,Very low quality,Smart Watch,16
14517,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14518,5,Just okay,Smart Watch,9
14519,5,For normal use or begginer If you want to use for normal/personal use than this is good I,Smart Watch,89
14520,5,Best dslr in low Price,Smart Watch,22
14521,5,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
14522,1,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14523,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
14524,5,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
14525,3,Super.,Smart Watch,6
14526,4,Good cemara,Smart Watch,11
14527,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
14528,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14529,5,Awesome👍,Smart Watch,8
14530,5,It's ok,Smart Watch,7
14531,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14532,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
14533,4,I love this camera it's osm👌👌,Smart Watch,29
14534,5,Really happy,Smart Watch,12
14535,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
14536,4,Wonderful product and dispatch on time.,Smart Watch,39
14537,2,Price range it's a beautiful camera in me thinking..,Smart Watch,52
14538,5,Some card issue if use card wiil dead,Smart Watch,37
14539,3,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
14540,5,It's osm product thanks to canon,Smart Watch,32
14541,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14542,4,Good one for beginners.,Smart Watch,23
14543,4,"Perfect at this price, just awesome. Recommended to all.",Smart Watch,56
14544,5,Good Camera,Smart Watch,11
14545,2,Its really good for beginners.,Smart Watch,30
14546,5,Osm recommended to buy😍😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,27
14547,4,osam,Smart Watch,4
14548,5,Good quality camera,Smart Watch,19
14549,5,Best camera....superb prdct....clarity is also superb..,Smart Watch,55
14550,5,Nice buget dslr 👍👍,Smart Watch,18
14551,5,Very fast delivery .. i love it .. tqsm .❤️😘 ..,Smart Watch,47
14552,5,Basic level photography is awesome...,Smart Watch,37
14553,5,Besy buy please go for it,Smart Watch,25
14554,5,"Best camera for a beginner, But not for a professional photography📸📸",Smart Watch,68
14555,5,It's really cool must buy,Smart Watch,25
14556,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
14557,5,Awesome product for beginners👍👍👍👍👍,Smart Watch,34
14558,4,Nice picture quality,Smart Watch,20
14559,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14560,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14561,3,Good quality 👌 Reach our expectations,Smart Watch,37
14562,5,Nice 👍👍👍,Smart Watch,8
14563,5,Super camera 📷. Pradumn kushwaha,Smart Watch,32
14564,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
14565,5,Too good👍👍,Smart Watch,10
14566,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14567,5,Nice to buy this DSLR. Not having the camera bag and usb cable in the box.,Smart Watch,74
14568,5,But sd card not available,Smart Watch,25
14569,5,superb product,Smart Watch,14
14570,5,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
14571,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14572,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14573,4,"Actually I was feared before purchasing of this product. But after receiving, I am fully satisfied. Thanks to Flipkart got under 20k budget. Only thing, memory card, USB Cable & HDMI Cable are need to be purchased separately.",Smart Watch,225
14574,5,Good Camera but No memory card in the Box,Smart Watch,41
14575,4,"BEST PRODUCT , THANKS FLIPKART",Smart Watch,30
14576,5,Best Camera,Smart Watch,11
14577,1,Price is low but camera is AWESOME,Smart Watch,34
14578,5,Photo capture process is too slow,Smart Watch,33
14579,5,So satisfying with the product and delivery service was excellent. Thank you for your service 🙏❤,Smart Watch,96
14580,5,Many answered in reviews that bag and memory card will get with camera. I didn't get those. Otherwise this is a perfect purchase,Smart Watch,128
14581,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14582,5,Cool,Smart Watch,4
14583,5,Good product.,Smart Watch,13
14584,4,Best for beginners and value for money,Smart Watch,38
14585,3,Nice picture Nice product Nice camera,Smart Watch,37
14586,1,Good in this price range. With flash it's picture quality is awesome.,Smart Watch,69
14587,4,I brought this camera one week before but this image quality like normal mob photos.,Smart Watch,84
14588,5,Best for beginners see the pictures,Smart Watch,35
14589,4,Good budget dslr,Smart Watch,16
14590,4,Best 👍 camera used 20 days,Smart Watch,26
14591,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14592,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14593,4,It's very cool and affordable . I gifted it it's very surprising 😃,Smart Watch,66
14594,2,Nice great product..,Smart Watch,20
14595,5,Nice👍,Smart Watch,5
14596,5,Dslr is good but not included. Usb cable. In this box No camera bag. And memery card not included. Also packing is very bad. I dont like this product all of all,Smart Watch,160
14597,5,Thanks flipkart for lovely deal,Smart Watch,31
14598,5,Product is amazing but no memorycard and addepter available in this box. camera quality is superb and all future are 👌👌 Only one memory card not available.,Smart Watch,155
14599,5,Awesome Products,Smart Watch,16
14600,4,Camera bag not Available. Memory card not Available. But camera quality worth.,Smart Watch,78
14601,5,Plastic quality is not so good And bag and sd car is not there with the camera,Smart Watch,78
14602,5,"No bag and memory card, I don't have enough time to cancel and reorder it.",Smart Watch,74
14603,3,nice,Smart Watch,4
14604,5,Very good product for beginner,Smart Watch,30
14605,5,There is no carry bag and no memory card,Smart Watch,40
14606,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14607,4,Canon eos3000d video playback audio is full muted sound problem audio is not working,Smart Watch,84
14608,3,Good item,Smart Watch,9
14609,3,Super good,Smart Watch,10
14610,4,Item was awesome,Smart Watch,16
14611,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14612,3,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14613,4,Canon,Smart Watch,5
14614,2,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14615,5,Fantastic,Smart Watch,9
14616,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
14617,5,Bad quality worst of mony,Smart Watch,25
14618,5,Good cam,Smart Watch,8
14619,5,Excellent for beginners only one thing is that it comes without any memory card other wise superb,Smart Watch,97
14620,5,"Camera is Good, but i dint get Any memory card or carry bag, bit disappointed !",Smart Watch,79
14621,5,No battery 🔋bekup,Smart Watch,17
14622,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14623,5,Great product ...,Smart Watch,17
14624,5,Nice 📷 👍✌,Smart Watch,9
14625,4,Nice pic,Smart Watch,8
14626,5,External flash light not working.. made blander mistake to buy.,Smart Watch,63
14627,4,Nice fast dilevery,Smart Watch,18
14628,2,Waste,Smart Watch,5
14629,5,Good camera for the average person,Smart Watch,34
14630,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14631,5,Quality of photos are not worth...better to buy good camera phone or bettee qualt dslr,Smart Watch,86
14632,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14633,1,Just good,Smart Watch,9
14634,5,"This is the great DSLR, Dreams come true.",Smart Watch,41
14635,1,It's simply Amazing😍,Smart Watch,20
14636,5,This is worst camera. Please dont buy.,Smart Watch,38
14637,5,The battery was damaged.,Smart Watch,24
14638,3,Powerful thing. Just loved it. If you get under 25k don't think just buy.,Smart Watch,73
14639,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
14640,4,GOOD,Smart Watch,4
14641,5,Worth for money,Smart Watch,15
14642,5,Don't expect high level photos clarity and function Just a basic camera with average function and performance,Smart Watch,109
14643,1,I'm so happy to purchase this product 😍😍,Smart Watch,40
14644,2,Excellent camera,Smart Watch,16
14645,5,Good camera starting range DSLR Camera for beginners,Smart Watch,52
14646,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
14647,5,Very good products,Smart Watch,18
14648,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
14649,3,Very bad No external flash you will use until you buy canon costly flash for this product I already had a kodak flash which works with my every DSLR camera but for this product it is not useful,Smart Watch,193
14650,5,It was good,Smart Watch,11
14651,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14652,5,supar,Smart Watch,5
14653,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14654,5,Amazing and beautiful,Smart Watch,21
14655,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14656,1,Best low budget camera for beginners,Smart Watch,36
14657,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
14658,4,It's amazing product,Smart Watch,20
14659,5,Good product...,Smart Watch,15
14660,4,nice product check my yt channel names vishnu vinayak for unboxing and review,Smart Watch,77
14661,5,I like it,Smart Watch,9
14662,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14663,5,Low in range and at this rate best dslr it is,Smart Watch,45
14664,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14665,5,Best camera in the budget segment superb pics,Smart Watch,45
14666,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
14667,4,Amezing superb,Smart Watch,14
14668,5,"Nice camrera ,review after clicking 1000 pics in marriage...",Smart Watch,60
14669,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14670,4,Nice Camera 📷📷📷📷,Smart Watch,16
14671,5,Nice one. Price is little more.,Smart Watch,31
14672,5,Thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,15
14673,5,This is good product but add mic jack this is osam in budget dslr,Smart Watch,65
14674,5,Very Nice,Smart Watch,9
14675,4,It was the one of the best product for beginners I have learned many things from using it. Love these products 😍 thanks flipkart and canon...,Smart Watch,141
14676,5,Nice quality,Smart Watch,12
14677,3,It's a brand new product. Lens quality is not very good. Withing budget it's okay.,Smart Watch,82
14678,4,Good quality product and genuine product,Smart Watch,40
14679,4,Money worth. Excellent dslr for beginners,Smart Watch,41
14680,4,"Terrific! I got this for stop motion animation purposes and it does the job very well. The default lense is pretty decent for regular photoshoot, battery life is excellent, external connectivity is not straightforward in case of canon but it does have it perks! I'd say this one is pretty decent to get started, it's not bad at all.",Smart Watch,332
14681,5,Good entry level DSLR,Smart Watch,21
14682,5,It's ok,Smart Watch,7
14683,5,Product worthy for money and camera function good.  Image quality is good.Video record also easy .,Smart Watch,98
14684,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14685,5,This product quality is very poor,Smart Watch,33
14686,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14687,5,"Awasome camera under short price, good quality, I'm very happy with this product.",Smart Watch,81
14688,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14689,3,Superb dslr on this price range too much gud for beginners 🤗🤗🤗😎😎😎,Smart Watch,65
14690,5,Best DSLR for beginners...,Smart Watch,26
14691,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14692,1,Wonderful purchase,Smart Watch,18
14693,5,Osm 💕💕 pic's... quality,Smart Watch,23
14694,5,Autofoqus is not working,Smart Watch,24
14695,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
14696,4,Worst performancr,Smart Watch,17
14697,5,Loved the camera. Worthit...!!!,Smart Watch,31
14698,5,Very bad product plz dont buy it.....,Smart Watch,37
14699,5,Good for who want to learn photography and dslr for the first time.,Smart Watch,67
14700,5,Awsome super DSLR camera,Smart Watch,24
14701,2,superr product on flipkart and the product is awesome for taking photos and videos,Smart Watch,82
14702,5,Super product,Smart Watch,13
14703,2,Good for general photography. Not for professionals. Very good for beginners.,Smart Watch,77
14704,5,Awesome gadget for beginners...,Smart Watch,31
14705,1,Nice person speed divlery,Smart Watch,25
14706,4,Best quality pic,Smart Watch,16
14707,5,Osm pic,Smart Watch,7
14708,5,Nice product ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,17
14709,5,Its entry level camera images are just good,Smart Watch,43
14710,4,Good Quality camera.,Smart Watch,20
14711,5,Best quality and best price 👌,Smart Watch,29
14712,5,Good camera❤️,Smart Watch,13
14713,3,Warking nice product,Smart Watch,20
14714,3,Supper,Smart Watch,6
14715,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
14716,3,My love,Smart Watch,7
14717,4,Good for starters,Smart Watch,17
14718,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14719,5,It's my DSLR it was good,Smart Watch,24
14720,5,Quality of photo is the best,Smart Watch,28
14721,5,Bad quality 😔😔,Smart Watch,14
14722,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14723,5,"Product is good. But flipkart delivery sucks. The delivery master never called me, instead when I called at Flipkart hub at Moradabad, they said that the package size is big and thus they will deliver it late, or else I can pick it up by myself at the hub.",Smart Watch,256
14724,3,nice prodect,Smart Watch,12
14725,5,External mike slot is not available In this camera You can use only internal mike.,Smart Watch,82
14726,5,It's very good for beginners. Just learn basics of settings and enjoy Your DSLR 😊,Smart Watch,81
14727,5,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
14728,1,Beginners dslr good for close or indoor shooting ....landscape or zoom pictures dont have that much details.  Best for covering your family functions....way better pics than any high end camera phone ..with half there price,Smart Watch,223
14729,5,High quality,Smart Watch,12
14730,4,Good product...,Smart Watch,15
14731,1,Bad,Smart Watch,3
14732,4,Nice 🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,8
14733,5,Worth it.,Smart Watch,9
14734,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14735,5,"Super camera, for beginners at cheap rate",Smart Watch,41
14736,1,Best class camera for beginners with best price.,Smart Watch,48
14737,5,Great camera ..for low budget user ..if you learn basic setting gor for it..and for practice photography go for it..,Smart Watch,116
14738,4,Best camera in very lower range from canon....its just woww....thanks canon for this type of quality in lower range and thanks to flipkart for the offer,Smart Watch,152
14739,5,Truly a budget friendly dslr,Smart Watch,28
14740,5,Product Good. But Battery life is not Good quickly Dried,Smart Watch,56
14741,4,Very nice quality at this price...,Smart Watch,34
14742,4,OK Satisfied,Smart Watch,12
14743,5,"Awesome 😊😎 Best Camera for beginners,Provide good clarity, Good camera under low budget. Grab it on bigb sales.🙂",Smart Watch,112
14744,4,Super a new amazing camera,Smart Watch,26
14745,5,Nice camera quality good perfomence,Smart Watch,35
14746,5,Prity good with smirter wifi image transfer technology but photo quality capturing by kit lens should be better...,Smart Watch,114
14747,4,Very Good product Velu for many,Smart Watch,31
14748,5,Great camera for beginner.,Smart Watch,26
14749,5,Good product I was purchased without 55-250 lens including that lens it's awesome,Smart Watch,81
14750,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14751,5,Okay,Smart Watch,4
14752,5,Super quality image,Smart Watch,19
14753,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14754,5,Good one for beginers,Smart Watch,21
14755,5,Super dslr,Smart Watch,10
14756,4,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
14757,5,ok ok,Smart Watch,5
14758,4,Superb camera. Unbeatable price on Flipkart as always. Flipkart is the best and trustworthy...,Smart Watch,94
14759,5,Lovely Camera picture clierety is super,Smart Watch,39
14760,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14761,3,More detailed,Smart Watch,13
14762,5,Picture quality okay but video is not good...,Smart Watch,45
14763,5,Very awesome With reasonable price,Smart Watch,34
14764,3,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14765,5,My favourite one 😘,Smart Watch,18
14766,5,Entry level DSLR... In budget affordable camera for beginners...,Smart Watch,64
14767,4,Best for beginners... ❤️🏌🏻‍♂️,Smart Watch,29
14768,5,"Entry level camera,,,,,one of the best choice for the beginner,,,,,,,I got SanDisk branded memory card & I love it",Smart Watch,114
14769,2,Product Quality is Excellent.. flipkart delivered on time. Auto focus and background blur should improve little more. Battery backup is soo good. Fabulous image quality. Worth for money spent for this product. Good for beginners.,Smart Watch,229
14770,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14771,5,"the best dslr under entry level , u can do much better if know the dslr very well u can go to its peak and tweak it like u want nd with additional lenses it gives a marvellous picture quality here are some of my pictures taken from 18-55 mm kit lens . just go for it u wil love it",Smart Watch,280
14772,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14773,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
14774,5,Very nice product 👍👍,Smart Watch,20
14775,4,Superb product,Smart Watch,14
14776,5,Just awesome 🥰!,Smart Watch,15
14777,4,Amazing product.,Smart Watch,16
14778,5,Amazing Product Good image quality Good for Beginners as a dslr Good Functionality,Smart Watch,82
14779,5,Great one purchased how to import .mov camera's video file to phone?,Smart Watch,68
14780,4,"Camera is very light weight, finishing also very nice but we should have the 55-250 mm lense for good Photography otherwise this kit lens is not enough, 50mm prime lense is ultimate...",Smart Watch,184
14781,5,Just ok... Not expect too much from this..,Smart Watch,42
14782,5,Excellent camera ❤️,Smart Watch,19
14783,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
14784,5,Just Best,Smart Watch,9
14785,5,Really amazing. I loved it. Very good product in this price range. I got this during Diwali time in 20k. 18-55 less does some of disappointment. But overall amazing product for beginners. Loved it. Go for it.,Smart Watch,208
14786,5,Very Nice Product,Smart Watch,17
14787,4,"GD product pic clarity is very GD ,but there is auto focus option while making a video otherwise it's all gd",Smart Watch,108
14788,2,Good I am satisfied before timely delivered,Smart Watch,43
14789,4,Camera is a low quality IMG,Smart Watch,27
14790,4,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
14791,4,Heavyy,Smart Watch,6
14792,5,Great purchase.. loved it.. Great for photography,Smart Watch,49
14793,5,Very good product. I am satisfied with this product.,Smart Watch,52
14794,4,Good👍,Smart Watch,5
14795,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14796,5,Awesome product ❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,24
14797,5,Superb shots,Smart Watch,12
14798,3,I use this camera for more than 2 months now. It's simple and very comfortable to use. For beginners,Smart Watch,100
14799,5,Good but no long lence,Smart Watch,22
14800,5,Excellent camera,Smart Watch,16
14801,5,It is awesome,Smart Watch,13
14802,5,Good for photography,Smart Watch,20
14803,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
14804,5,awesome product for beginners.,Smart Watch,30
14805,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14806,5,Entry level camera.,Smart Watch,19
14807,5,Worth of money,Smart Watch,14
14808,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
14809,4,Cool 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,8
14810,3,My first DSLR camera..I jus love it best for beginners go for it,Smart Watch,64
14811,5,Awesome ... Thanks to Flipkart bhai,Smart Watch,35
14812,5,Best camera for beginners to start photography....,Smart Watch,50
14813,4,Nice camera. We have to experience some more.,Smart Watch,45
14814,4,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
14815,5,Loved it❤❤❤,Smart Watch,11
14816,5,Nice pic,Smart Watch,8
14817,5,Supper 👌Mind Blowing Selection,Smart Watch,30
14818,5,Good product and easy to use nice,Smart Watch,33
14819,4,nice and quality camera,Smart Watch,23
14820,4,Pretty good,Smart Watch,11
14821,5,Iam satisfied,Smart Watch,13
14822,5,SUPER,Smart Watch,5
14823,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
14824,5,My first dslr .. the best one ..,Smart Watch,32
14825,4,Best Camera love this,Smart Watch,21
14826,5,Dimage and defactive product on flipcart don't buy,Smart Watch,50
14827,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14828,5,Worth for Money,Smart Watch,15
14829,5,This is perfect for beginners...i loved it☺️ But delivery took 10 days. Very late delivery .,Smart Watch,92
14830,4,Beginers blindly can go for this camera. But Flipkart delayed delivery very badly. They should deliver at earliest.,Smart Watch,115
14831,5,Nice product...,Smart Watch,15
14832,5,Absolutely amazing if you want to start your career . This is the best deal,Smart Watch,75
14833,2,Awesome product at this rate.,Smart Watch,29
14834,4,Good For beginners,Smart Watch,18
14835,5,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
14836,5,Value for money...,Smart Watch,18
14837,4,Best and clear pic in this camera,Smart Watch,33
14838,5,Display issue.....,Smart Watch,18
14839,5,For beginners it is a good option,Smart Watch,33
14840,5,"Superb camera Packing was good Camera is awesome Quality of snap is really good in day light Superb for new user in this range I bought it @ 18,500/- and was really afraid regarding the quality, but after using it, m satisfied.",Smart Watch,227
14841,5,Wonderful Loving camera ...latest new model. Thx a torn for Flip Cart team for Delivering mee early on Request .,Smart Watch,112
14842,5,Moderate,Smart Watch,8
14843,4,Nice .....,Smart Watch,10
14844,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14845,1,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14846,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14847,5,Amazing ..,Smart Watch,10
14848,5,Nice camera for beginner to learn basic of DSLR camera,Smart Watch,54
14849,4,Nice camera ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,22
14850,5,"Really worth!! good purchase my first dslr camera, Very fast delivery thanks filpkart",Smart Watch,85
14851,5,Best for a startup. User friendly.,Smart Watch,34
14852,5,Good for beginners like me. Struggles in low light without tripod.,Smart Watch,66
14853,5,Best budget camera. Great picture quality 👌,Smart Watch,43
14854,4,Good 👍,Smart Watch,6
14855,5,Best price and a very good camera,Smart Watch,33
14856,5,Awesome product go for it.,Smart Watch,26
14857,5,Good product low cost,Smart Watch,21
14858,5,Good quality photos. At this price range this dslr is best. And provides u very satisfying images. Image quality also depends on your photographic skills. So if you want to buy a entry lever dslr in less price and good quality images then you can purchase it without any hesitation.,Smart Watch,282
14859,4,Very nice product😉😉😉 awossam,Smart Watch,28
14860,5,Product is good but the delivery system is very bad almost one month is taken for one product really that's was very big problem. I think they should work on about their delivery system..,Smart Watch,187
14861,5,Awesome camera for beginners....easy to use and learn photography,Smart Watch,65
14862,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14863,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14864,5,"Very good for the beginners, good Clearity and good results.",Smart Watch,60
14865,3,Super quality,Smart Watch,13
14866,4,Over all good,Smart Watch,13
14867,3,Good Camera For beginners... Great featurs.,Smart Watch,43
14868,4,Product is wonderful full. But delivery by flipkart was not on time. This time i faced to much problem from flipkart delivery.,Smart Watch,126
14869,5,Nice experience,Smart Watch,15
14870,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
14871,5,Really a good camera for the starting guys 😉🙂,Smart Watch,45
14872,5,Waste,Smart Watch,5
14873,5,It's amazing for beginner Photography in this Price range...Thanks Flipkart.,Smart Watch,76
14874,5,Good DSLR under Rs.25k,Smart Watch,22
14875,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14876,5,Best entry level camera for beginners. Lightweight and easy to handle.,Smart Watch,70
14877,5,Not expected,Smart Watch,12
14878,5,Great camera for beginners,Smart Watch,26
14879,1,Good picture to camera,Smart Watch,22
14880,5,It was satisfying and you can grab it eyes closed,Smart Watch,49
14881,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
14882,5,Good. Good. Good.,Smart Watch,17
14883,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
14884,2,Average product,Smart Watch,15
14885,5,Best price,Smart Watch,10
14886,5,Product is good according to the price range. It is a beginner level DSLR so we can expect the same from it.,Smart Watch,108
14887,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
14888,5,Very Beautiful👌,Smart Watch,15
14889,4,super,Smart Watch,5
14890,4,"No words to describe, simply superb",Smart Watch,35
14891,4,wonderful.....amazing I love it,Smart Watch,31
14892,5,Excellent!,Smart Watch,10
14893,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14894,4,As a biggener its too good,Smart Watch,26
14895,5,very bad experience,Smart Watch,19
14896,5,Nice product. Value for the money. It is very useful for beginners and low budget home need. Really enjoyed. Flipkart early delivery process is too good.,Smart Watch,153
14897,5,Camera overall performance is wonderful but lack of mic slots are one bad mark.......,Smart Watch,85
14898,5,Best DSLR for beginners,Smart Watch,23
14899,5,Best DSLR camera for entry level user,Smart Watch,37
14900,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
14901,5,"Very good, but second time i received good camera.",Smart Watch,50
14902,1,Worthy..,Smart Watch,8
14903,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
14904,4,best,Smart Watch,4
14905,5,This DSLR is awesome,Smart Watch,20
14906,4,Nice picture quality,Smart Watch,20
14907,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
14908,4,Just loved it,Smart Watch,13
14909,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
14910,5,Great,Smart Watch,5
14911,4,"Nice product good shoot,",Smart Watch,24
14912,5,Super product,Smart Watch,13
14913,4,OK ok,Smart Watch,5
14914,5,Niceee!!!,Smart Watch,9
14915,5,Mediam,Smart Watch,6
14916,3,Vy gd product...,Smart Watch,16
14917,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14918,3,Wow 😍😍😍,Smart Watch,7
14919,5,I'm really soo happy about it....gud in all,Smart Watch,43
14920,2,Superb quality My 1st DSLR....😍😍😍 I'm happy🕺,Smart Watch,44
14921,5,I just love.... it's my favorite dreamed 1 N't used so far,Smart Watch,58
14922,3,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
14923,5,Picture quality super 👌,Smart Watch,23
14924,4,Love it,Smart Watch,7
14925,5,Good👍,Smart Watch,5
14926,5,Good Quality,Smart Watch,12
14927,5,Best camera under this price,Smart Watch,28
14928,5,Product is okay..... unsatisfied packing..,Smart Watch,42
14929,5,Nice one best budget dslr camera,Smart Watch,32
14930,5,Good for beginners level,Smart Watch,24
14931,5,It's very good for new dslr users,Smart Watch,33
14932,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14933,5,best,Smart Watch,4
14934,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14935,4,Wrost camera and Wrost seller,Smart Watch,29
14936,4,Good ! Happy received in good condition,Smart Watch,39
14937,4,just wow......my first dslr and I am mesmerised with itz performance...,Smart Watch,71
14938,4,"Superb camera, nyc click, gud clarity.",Smart Watch,38
14939,5,It's a great DSLR camera for beginners. It's my first DSLR. If any smartphone user is thinking of upgrading to a DSLR and he likes photography it can be a good choice.,Smart Watch,167
14940,5,Satisfied 😊,Smart Watch,11
14941,5,now this is good,Smart Watch,16
14942,1,Good go for it,Smart Watch,14
14943,4,Very good,Smart Watch,9
14944,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
14945,5,"Very good quality product with non stm lens. Quite fast autofocus but the focus motor makes considerable noise during videography.Plastic lens mount makes it a bit less durable. There's no separate power button and viewfinder diopter , it's of a bit problem. Nevertheless , it's the most affordable dslr in the market , and it can compete with any entry level dslr. Thus it's the best pick for a beginner.",Smart Watch,405
14946,4,Good for beginners.. it's better to go for Canon 1500D,Smart Watch,54
14947,5,Very nice it's worth of money,Smart Watch,29
14948,5,As Expected 👍,Smart Watch,13
14949,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14950,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14951,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14952,4,Really Nice Camera 🤠🤠🤠,Smart Watch,22
14953,3,👍Good camera and quality,Smart Watch,24
14954,5,Genuine product!,Smart Watch,16
14955,5,Ultimate 🙂,Smart Watch,10
14956,5,Amazing camera for the price. The basic kit lens is also far capable for day to day shots. Specially the colour science is extremely good and better saturated for a DSLR camera.  Value for money purchase 👍,Smart Watch,205
14957,5,Nice camera for beginners..,Smart Watch,27
14958,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
14959,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14960,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14961,5,Best camera and dslr🖤🖤,Smart Watch,22
14962,5,Super camra save money but normal flash is not work,Smart Watch,51
14963,5,"Camera looks good, actually very good at this price point, I got this at 19999. Body finishing also good, but delivery time could be 7 day. I will update my full review after 1 or 2 month use. Thanks to ""CORSECA & Flipkart"" for this beautiful product.",Smart Watch,251
14964,4,Used product,Smart Watch,12
14965,5,Just Aswame product in low budget ♥️♥️♥️,Smart Watch,40
14966,5,Thank you Flipkart..its my first camera ❤️,Smart Watch,42
14967,5,Good one at low price 🖤,Smart Watch,23
14968,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
14969,5,Good product but delivery very late after 21 days.,Smart Watch,50
14970,5,Best camera.. Use prime lens for more better results..I'm started a small business with this camera & I'm fully satisfied.,Smart Watch,122
14971,1,Superb camera truly professional,Smart Watch,32
14972,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
14973,4,Perfect for beginners,Smart Watch,21
14974,5,Nice product. it has no any on off dedicated switch . I think it's the minus point.,Smart Watch,83
14975,5,Best budget camera . Pair it with 50 mm prime and take great shots . Best for beginner level.  Con: don't have time lapse feature but seems its tough to get at this price anyway .  I got it in sale . After bank discount it costed me 18.5k. anything below 20k is fine for this camera,Smart Watch,282
14976,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
14977,5,Super Camera I Love It,Smart Watch,22
14978,5,With 18-55 lens kit not enough zoom is creat. For best in first in dslr. Thank you,Smart Watch,82
14979,5,Only charger kit no data cable,Smart Watch,30
14980,5,It takes high quality images And very good for entry-level I like it very much Awesome product😇,Smart Watch,95
14981,4,Best in price range,Smart Watch,19
14982,5,Nice camera for beginners Good photo quality Don't buy for video recording I gave it 3 stars because camera quality is best but you can't record videos properly,Smart Watch,160
14983,5,Best for Explore your Dreams in budget.,Smart Watch,39
14984,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14985,4,Ultimate picture,Smart Watch,16
14986,3,Nice quality 😊,Smart Watch,14
14987,5,Bad quality,Smart Watch,11
14988,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
14989,3,Camera nice but Seller Service very bad order processing 7 days let and order delivery 10 days late,Smart Watch,99
14990,5,Superb value for money 💰💰,Smart Watch,25
14991,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
14992,5,Camera is cool with basic lens and 16 gb card.packing somewhat good.but the bag for carrying camera is not fulfill.,Smart Watch,115
14993,4,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
14994,2,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
14995,5,"Awesome, thanks",Smart Watch,15
14996,5,Product Really Great. I am totally Satisfied this product. Really good Canon 3000D,Smart Watch,82
14997,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
14998,5,Very good product i love product,Smart Watch,32
14999,4,Thankyou,Smart Watch,8
15000,5,Bakwas don't buy it,Smart Watch,19
15001,2,Nice camera ☺️📸,Smart Watch,15
15002,5,Nice product I liked it ❤️❤️  Build quality super Image clarity is another level Focusing super    Product is very nice,Smart Watch,119
15003,5,NYC PICS,Smart Watch,8
15004,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15005,5,"Using it for quite some time. Fellow buyers, please don't get too much impressed with all these positive reviews. Even if price drops to 20000 during sale, its not worth it. Image quality is just like a smartphone. LCD screen has very very few pixels, so you can't use it in live view mode and also can't actually analyse picture you have just clicked. Autofocus is generally slow in live view mode in most of dslr but in this camera, it is very very slow. Image has too much noise in indoor shot...",Smart Watch,499
15006,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15007,5,Worst camera.  Not good at all.  Money waste only.,Smart Watch,50
15008,5,"Good with price,got if for 17K",Smart Watch,30
15009,5,Nice camera on that price 😊,Smart Watch,27
15010,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
15011,5,It's like mobile camera,Smart Watch,23
15012,2,"Just go for it, the best camera under this price range.",Smart Watch,55
15013,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
15014,1,Not good,Smart Watch,8
15015,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15016,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
15017,5,It's to good,Smart Watch,12
15018,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
15019,5,Happy 😊,Smart Watch,7
15020,5,I love this camera very much....this is the best dslr in this lowest price....,Smart Watch,78
15021,1,Good,Smart Watch,4
15022,4,Worth for money,Smart Watch,15
15023,4,must buy,Smart Watch,8
15024,5,Most comfortable for any age gender to use and for nature lover it is a companion any time any were.,Smart Watch,100
15025,3,This camera is not good and battery working is not good don't buy...,Smart Watch,68
15026,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15027,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15028,5,"Very basic DSLR, don't buy, instead go for nikon 3500",Smart Watch,53
15029,5,Ok,Smart Watch,2
15030,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15031,5,Money not waste products good👍,Smart Watch,30
15032,1,Amazing value for money.,Smart Watch,24
15033,5,A good entry level camera,Smart Watch,25
15034,5,Good for basic photography for travellers.,Smart Watch,42
15035,2,"Good one for beginners, in a very low price.",Smart Watch,44
15036,5,Nice resolution,Smart Watch,15
15037,5,Thank you flipkart for such a support.,Smart Watch,38
15038,4,Best product under 20k,Smart Watch,22
15039,5,GOOD,Smart Watch,4
15040,4,best Product,Smart Watch,12
15041,5,Best one to explore and learn for beginners in dslr entry level,Smart Watch,63
15042,4,I got it for 18.5k. Dslr camera in this rate is good one. And the image result is also good comparing to my previous digital camera.,Smart Watch,132
15043,5,5 star camera for beginners,Smart Watch,27
15044,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15045,4,My product is delivered yesterday. Product was in good condition. I AM Satisfied with product received. Its my 1 st DSLR. I am disappointed with flipkart and seller fir the delay in delivery of product. Camera is really good. Surely go for it.,Smart Watch,243
15046,5,This is my first DSLR camera. Best camera at affordable price for beginners in photography world. Camera is very handy light weight.,Smart Watch,132
15047,4,Really good result.,Smart Watch,19
15048,5,Good for starting a photography,Smart Watch,31
15049,5,Jus ok,Smart Watch,6
15050,5,Superb damn good dont think buy it,Smart Watch,34
15051,5,Canon EOS 3000D DSLR Camera is heavy products,Smart Watch,45
15052,5,Nice produced,Smart Watch,13
15053,5,Low budget. good camera for learning of photography.,Smart Watch,52
15054,5,Best price Re. 18000/ Big Billion Day,Smart Watch,37
15055,5,For beginners it is good choice,Smart Watch,31
15056,3,Perfect product under 20K.,Smart Watch,26
15057,4,Beginner friendly 💕,Smart Watch,19
15058,5,"Very nice, superb camera for beginners got at 17000 rupees",Smart Watch,58
15059,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15060,5,Nice quality,Smart Watch,12
15061,5,Good product.,Smart Watch,13
15062,4,Excellent at this price,Smart Watch,23
15063,4,Very good camera,Smart Watch,16
15064,5,Wonderful product...!!!!,Smart Watch,24
15065,5,"Truly it's best camera for the starting stage ppl who are looking for photography and video I got for the best price INR 17,779 on BBD",Smart Watch,134
15066,4,Best in class for a beginner,Smart Watch,28
15067,5,The build quality is ok .....plastic but looks good . For a entry level camera its best in this price range . But you want a serious photography career then nikon is best .....the natural colour is better in nikon. It has one issue sometimes you can't able to take picture with flash mode on in Auto mode.....still I m struggling to solve this .....its a bad experience with this dslr. But picture quality is good for a entry level dslr.,Smart Watch,437
15068,5,Value for money! I loved it ???,Smart Watch,31
15069,5,Worst 👎👎product. No buttons are working and is very light.,Smart Watch,58
15070,5,"Nice and cool gadget in this price range, good for beginners,",Smart Watch,61
15071,4,It was good ......it is just a starter for beginners. However it captures good images than mobiles,Smart Watch,98
15072,5,Great packing great product but u cant use it in the dim light and great product at a price of 24999,Smart Watch,100
15073,4,So good,Smart Watch,7
15074,3,SUPER SUPER sir,Smart Watch,15
15075,5,Good overall,Smart Watch,12
15076,1,Worth it,Smart Watch,8
15077,5,Best Product for beginners Excellent product,Smart Watch,44
15078,4,"It's a great entry level dslr. If you are new into the photography or video making then you may go for this product. But i would suggest you to buy Canon 1500D, if you can. After you will be used to this product then you will feel like you have to upgrade but you may not be able to buy the new one. So, go for Canon 1500D if you are buying this, if you can't afford that, then you may go for this one. At last you are the user, you must know what to buy, Do some research on what you really need.",Smart Watch,497
15079,4,NYC camera,Smart Watch,10
15080,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
15081,5,Aswam Product ... Nice for begging .... Excellent good-looking and delivery packing was nice for Flipkart....love❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,121
15082,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
15083,5,Wow.... Very good product...,Smart Watch,28
15084,5,Picture quality is not clear but has. I did not like the camera.,Smart Watch,64
15085,4,Nice product...,Smart Watch,15
15086,5,Good camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
15087,5,Vera level super in this price segment,Smart Watch,38
15088,5,"Fully satisfied..with this product, thx Flipkart",Smart Watch,48
15089,4,Very excellent product for basic price. But made of plastic.except that all is good. Fantastic. Replaceble for smart phone cameras,Smart Watch,130
15090,5,This is my first DSLR and I'm very with with this Product really good thanks Canon and flipkart for this good deal..,Smart Watch,116
15091,2,Gd camera,Smart Watch,9
15092,4,Perfect dslr for photoshoots,Smart Watch,28
15093,5,Quality 👍👌nice product,Smart Watch,22
15094,5,Best camera under 20k,Smart Watch,21
15095,5,Hats up delivery boy n product,Smart Watch,30
15096,5,Excellent Picture Quality,Smart Watch,25
15097,5,In this price range u can't get better than this delivery is also on time thnks to flipkRt for all this,Smart Watch,103
15098,5,It's an amazing camera under budget,Smart Watch,35
15099,5,"Not upto the mark, picture quality is very poor and sometimes it feels very sluggish.",Smart Watch,85
15100,5,The camera is very good and received in excellent condition... Good for beginners...,Smart Watch,84
15101,5,Nice..,Smart Watch,6
15102,5,Under 20K price this is one of the best camera from canon for entry level photography enthusiast..,Smart Watch,98
15103,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
15104,4,Must buy,Smart Watch,8
15105,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15106,1,Okay,Smart Watch,4
15107,4,The Product is Awesome.. Excellent price in Sale..Thank you flipcart and Ecart team for your efforts...,Smart Watch,103
15108,5,Nice Camera....but battery low performance...,Smart Watch,45
15109,4,Nice superb,Smart Watch,11
15110,5,Very nice camera I love this camera,Smart Watch,35
15111,5,"For basic photography, this is a very good starting DSLR model. If you can focus manually then the 18-55lens can land some decent pics. Got this for 18k in big billion day. Kudos to Flipkart and Canon.",Smart Watch,201
15112,3,Good product Good for amateurs photographer's,Smart Watch,45
15113,5,osm,Smart Watch,3
15114,5,Smart camera for beginners.,Smart Watch,27
15115,4,Good enough for the starters of DSLR users,Smart Watch,42
15116,5,Nic,Smart Watch,3
15117,5,This camera is amazing for beginners. Quality is great. I'm very happy with this camera.,Smart Watch,88
15118,5,Okay.. Good product,Smart Watch,19
15119,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15120,5,"You will get what is shown, but please since its a DSLR do not expect tooo much. This camera is for beginners ONLY , so that they can play around with manual settings and get to know more about DSRLs. I bought it on big billion sale which was really really worth.",Smart Watch,263
15121,4,Nice camera for beginners..,Smart Watch,27
15122,4,Extremely Lovable 😍😘🥰,Smart Watch,21
15123,5,Superb 👌,Smart Watch,8
15124,5,Best camera for beginners and entry level at this cost. I got it only in 20k in big billion day,Smart Watch,95
15125,3,Awesome pictures quality ...,Smart Watch,28
15126,4,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15127,5,Thanks filpcart nice product best for beginners,Smart Watch,47
15128,5,Nice products ❤,Smart Watch,15
15129,5,Enough for beginners,Smart Watch,20
15130,5,Awosome dslr,Smart Watch,12
15131,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
15132,5,Just ok,Smart Watch,7
15133,5,BEST CAMARA 📷,Smart Watch,13
15134,4,Awesome.. Family who needs DSLR camera it is perfect to serve their needs as far as photography is concerned. And obviously within moderate /or low budget. Quality of photo/image speaks for itself...,Smart Watch,199
15135,5,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
15136,5,Very very good super but lens,Smart Watch,29
15137,5,Super Camer I love Canon Thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,43
15138,4,Awesome camera..... brilliant..... photo produce....bigginers best choice,Smart Watch,73
15139,2,Got it for 17.2k during the big billion days and it is a good camera at that price. The product description says that the USB is a type c connector but it is a USB Mini B connector. Display of the camera is average don't look at the picture quality when viewing on the camera's screen.,Smart Watch,285
15140,4,Jst amazing dslr camera for beginners...,Smart Watch,40
15141,5,Niceone...,Smart Watch,10
15142,5,Received spark shoes against camera.,Smart Watch,36
15143,5,Bought it for 18k. Best & Budget DSLR for Start-up... Luvd it,Smart Watch,61
15144,5,After a long time,Smart Watch,17
15145,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
15146,4,Super camera 😇 Best quality 😍,Smart Watch,29
15147,5,Perfect camera for beginners,Smart Watch,28
15148,5,"It's been just few days and so far things are good with this camera. Only problem is with packaging, I got torn camera bag.",Smart Watch,123
15149,1,"Good product, got in big billion with great discount",Smart Watch,52
15150,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
15151,4,Best deal ever and also a very good beginner DSLR..😍 Loved It... Thanks to Big billion Sale..🤣😜,Smart Watch,95
15152,5,Superb...worth for cost.. photo's good quality ...superb... Superb..m,Smart Watch,69
15153,5,Good Quality overall!!,Smart Watch,22
15154,5,NICE,Smart Watch,4
15155,3,"Not for picture perfect photos but, definitely better than smartphone camera...and must buy extra lens,the lens given in the box is not for background blur or portrait...it will only take photos with zoom and for different conditions...not for heavy background blur..",Smart Watch,267
15156,5,Teriffic! Good for portrait and macro photography.. Here are some pics with 18-55mm kit lens. Would get even more osm pics with prime lens.,Smart Watch,139
15157,5,"Product is very good , but bad delivery service",Smart Watch,47
15158,4,Camera is amazing and superb the picture quality rocks! got it for 17999/- at BBD,Smart Watch,81
15159,5,Best picture Quality.....,Smart Watch,25
15160,5,Very nice product,Smart Watch,17
15161,5,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
15162,4,Very good product n I loved it,Smart Watch,30
15163,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15164,3,Great one,Smart Watch,9
15165,5,"Nice Camra, I love it",Smart Watch,21
15166,5,Osm product,Smart Watch,11
15167,5,Awesome camera cheap and best... I purchased this product on big billion days.price 19k,Smart Watch,87
15168,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
15169,5,Great Product at Amazing Price during Big Billion Days Sale.Delivery was fast and Good. Thanks Flipcart,Smart Watch,103
15170,4,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
15171,5,Product wise it's good only . I got its for less price cameras is good for beginners but the seller side and delivery side it's horrible they are taking more time and not updating the details also. And first time am seeing the total worst customer service from Flipkart if we ask also they will not provide any details and if u complaint means they will change the delivery date and extend for one more week,Smart Watch,407
15172,5,It's really nice,Smart Watch,16
15173,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15174,5,Best camera...,Smart Watch,14
15175,4,Nice cemra this price,Smart Watch,21
15176,5,"Yes, This camera is Good for beginners and I got it at affordable price..",Smart Watch,73
15177,5,"Ok Ok, not soo satisfied.",Smart Watch,25
15178,1,I purchase this only 18000,Smart Watch,26
15179,5,Awsm camera,Smart Watch,11
15180,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15181,5,Amazing experience by this canon,Smart Watch,32
15182,3,"Well it is a quite good camera but the material used in the body of this camera is purely plastic , which feels like i am handling a cheap camera , even the lens mount in this camera is also made up of plastic material, Don't buy this camera you can go for the EOS 1500D",Smart Watch,270
15183,4,Okay with Flipkart,Smart Watch,18
15184,3,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
15185,4,"An excellent option at this price range....I got it for 17,000...the product is worth of every penny.... If you are a person who wants to learn photography..this is the one you can blindly opt for this.",Smart Watch,202
15186,5,product is in good condition. Thanks to flipkart,Smart Watch,48
15187,5,Product is good only con is auto focus is too slow,Smart Watch,50
15188,5,Ossam camera and ossam picture quality.,Smart Watch,39
15189,2,For me its more than what i expected Thanks Flipkart ❤️,Smart Watch,55
15190,5,Awesome picture quality..Just love it,Smart Watch,37
15191,4,Good camera for basic use.,Smart Watch,26
15192,4,Prompt and fast delivery. Good packing.. Nice budget camera.,Smart Watch,60
15193,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
15194,5,Best cam,Smart Watch,8
15195,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15196,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15197,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15198,4,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15199,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15200,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15201,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15202,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15203,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15204,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15205,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15206,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15207,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15208,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15209,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15210,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15211,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15212,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15213,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15214,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15215,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15216,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15217,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15218,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15219,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15220,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15221,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15222,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15223,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15224,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15225,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15226,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15227,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15228,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15229,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15230,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15231,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15232,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15233,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15234,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15235,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15236,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15237,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15238,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15239,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15240,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15241,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15242,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15243,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15244,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15245,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15246,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15247,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15248,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15249,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15250,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15251,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15252,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15253,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15254,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15255,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15256,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15257,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15258,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15259,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15260,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15261,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15262,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15263,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15264,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15265,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15266,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15267,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15268,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15269,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15270,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15271,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15272,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15273,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15274,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15275,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15276,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15277,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15278,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15279,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15280,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15281,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15282,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15283,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15284,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15285,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15286,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15287,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15288,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15289,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15290,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15291,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15292,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15293,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15294,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15295,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15296,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15297,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15298,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15299,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15300,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15301,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15302,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15303,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15304,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15305,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15306,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15307,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15308,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15309,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15310,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15311,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15312,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15313,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15314,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15315,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15316,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15317,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15318,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15319,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15320,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15321,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15322,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15323,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15324,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15325,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15326,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15327,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15328,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15329,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15330,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15331,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15332,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15333,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15334,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15335,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15336,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15337,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15338,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15339,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15340,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15341,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15342,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15343,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15344,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15345,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15346,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15347,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15348,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15349,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15350,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15351,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15352,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15353,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15354,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15355,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15356,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15357,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15358,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15359,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15360,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15361,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15362,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15363,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15364,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15365,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15366,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15367,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15368,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15369,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15370,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15371,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15372,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15373,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15374,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15375,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15376,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15377,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15378,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15379,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15380,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15381,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15382,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15383,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15384,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15385,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15386,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15387,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15388,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15389,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15390,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15391,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15392,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15393,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15394,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15395,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15396,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15397,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15398,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15399,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15400,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15401,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15402,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15403,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15404,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15405,5,Nice camera but video quality is low .,Smart Watch,38
15406,5,Good product 👍,Smart Watch,14
15407,5,Nice product 🤠 proper sealed,Smart Watch,28
15408,5,Great product. I love it,Smart Watch,24
15409,5,Most loved for the begginner,Smart Watch,28
15410,5,Best deal i have taken in Flipkart BBD sale the canon EOS 3000D Dslr camera taking a very good quality images and also videos,Smart Watch,125
15411,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15412,3,A good one for beginners 😍,Smart Watch,26
15413,5,Nice product 👌👍,Smart Watch,15
15414,5,Excellent Product at the entry Level,Smart Watch,36
15415,5,Well Reviewing this after using for almost one month. I would prefer for the beginner photography. Simple without any complexity. It's best if you learn to use it at Manual mode,Smart Watch,177
15416,5,Worth more than the amount. Best DSLR for a good beginner. Friendly camera. Love it. ❤️ Extremely good with canon 50mm f1.8 STM lens.,Smart Watch,133
15417,5,product really great . I am totally sctified this product .really good camera for beggner .but flash button was missing that is not good .and capture is 18 mp wasn't good I was hopeed it will be 24 mp . it is also missing .n everything is good .,Smart Watch,245
15418,5,The camera simply awesome..and it is a best budget DSLR and begginer DSLR for first time user...auto focus mode works good in daylight,Smart Watch,134
15419,5,Satisfied with the product.. Its a really good for all who wants to learn photography its a gem and love.... Go for itt....10/10,Smart Watch,128
15420,5,"product is very good and build quality also , special thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery , best camera for starters , it captures best quality photos",Smart Watch,151
15421,5,Best in price segment. If you have skill this entry level dslr can do much better result. Just Dont expect much.,Smart Watch,112
15422,5,Awsm . I'm not a professional but using of li'l bit xperience must say that best Dslr in a best budget.perfect for a beginners.image quality is too good.thanx to Canon thanx to Flipkart & also thanx to Ecom xpress for perfect delivery.,Smart Watch,235
15423,5,Verry Nice and for My Opinion is great camera For this Price Range. I love it my first DSLR...! 👍 Lot of Experiments Is easy with This DSLR .😎,Smart Watch,142
15424,5,excellent dslr and get a free moto headset worth 6500 I am happy,Smart Watch,64
15425,4,"Camera is good for beginner. But not getting that much high quality pics from this camera or lens. So I order canon 50mm just after my 1st vacation, when I was not satisfied with the quality.. Check you tube regarding the comparison of 18mm and 50mm lens. If you want to buy camera than only kit lens is not just you want from your pics. You have to upgrade with any prime lens,whether it's 50mm or 55-250mm. Thanks",Smart Watch,415
15426,3,everything is perfect And specially the packaging it was so good .. When it arrived I got surprised because of the carry case I didn't expected that .. thank you so much Flipkart,Smart Watch,178
15427,5,"My first DSLR. good one for beginners. easy to use. worth for money. and as always, super fast delivery by Flipkart. loved it",Smart Watch,125
15428,4,Camera doesn't matter if you have skill you still click photos like this and lences also define your clicks but if you don't have budget then this camera is for you it is best camera for learning Photography but if you have a little more budget then try to buy at least 1300d or 1500d theses are not great cameras but better then 3000d,Smart Watch,335
15429,5,"good camera n it's my first DSLR I loved it. But delivery took so long. I got camera bag, camera and lense, 16gb card, batter with charger lense cap and carry strap. good camera for beginners.",Smart Watch,192
15430,5,it's clearly evident that's it not a high budget camera. but it's best for everyone looking for a Pocket friendly dslr. specifically for college students and for domestic use.,Smart Watch,175
15431,5,I was planning to buy Dslr for long time. it's really good camera for beginners level photography and of course if any one have ability to shoot good quality photos may take easily with it. Delivery is very fast. Thanks flipkart for providing low cost pocket friendly opportunity on big billion day sale offer.,Smart Watch,310
15432,4,AWESOME DSLR AT THIS PRICE. I HAD A DREAM TO BUY A DSLR .THE MOMENT I BOUGHT THIS DSLR MY DREAM HAS TOTALLY FULLFIL. WAIT LISTEN🙏. TO BE HONEST IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT TO START YOUR OWN BLOG OR ANY KIND OF YOUTUBE CONTENT THEN PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BUY DSLR FOR PHOTOSHOT THEN JUST GO FOR IT. AT ANY POINT OF TIME IF YOU THINK THAT YOU NEED MORE QUALITY IN PHOTOS YOU CAN EASILY ADD LENS❤️. THANK YOU.,Smart Watch,425
15433,5,Its a wonderful camera for the beginners. Those who have passion in photography and love to shoot its a good choice for them. Trust Canon !,Smart Watch,139
15434,5,Excellent for someone who is new into photography..it gives you flexibility to try out a lots of manual settings just like any expensive dslr..even with kit lens you can click wonderful pictures...Clarity is not that great...For better clarity go for an expensive dslr,Smart Watch,268
15435,5,Good one Best for beginner photographs Not recommend for videography because it is not good for videography or vloging porpes it is heavy and bulky. So if you're priority is photography it's a nice and value for money product.,Smart Watch,226
15436,4,Best DSLR in this price range and if you are a beginner then you should buy it . And this is canon. Entry level camera in this price range i bought at 20k and know current price is 27k around i am happy to grap under 21k . Its just amazing just buy it you will not regret. Microshot is working perfectly.,Smart Watch,304
15437,5,All over great camera nice quality of pictures i took and auto focus mode is work just awesome,Smart Watch,94
15438,5,"Worth Buying ... Superb !! Loved it !! Bulit quality is lil disappointed if we are careful it's ok,overall can fully satisfy in dis price ...",Smart Watch,141
15439,5,"-Trusted seller with genuine product as shown in the image,from these seller one plus point is you can buy a cheapest dslr online in offer time. -Nice product in this price segment I bought this camera in big billion sale at cheap price,I am sharing some pictures capture with 3000D with 18-55 kit lense. -Its good for biginners. -Easy to use camera. - Switch to any mode it's 'ON' and for switch 'Off' there is a mode on same dial.",Smart Watch,432
15440,5,The product is awesome for a beginner in the photography world it's preety good in this price range I have been using it since 1 week and I personally recommend to go with it by closing your eyes.,Smart Watch,196
15441,4,The product is very good But if I take another lens of 55-250mm lens Then it's amazing so take it for photography And it's best for beginners,Smart Watch,141
15442,5,Great product. worth of price.. Thanks flipkart for delivering it in 3 days.. I love it... My first DSLR,Smart Watch,104
15443,5,"Just bought it on the offer period for 16800, the product is well worth for the price I believe... this is my first dslr so I think I may be exaggerating , but its a good buy. Visually, the build quality has a premium quality , the quality of the images are good, rich and vibrant, although there is considerable amount of noise in them especially in artificial lighting conditions, buy a prime lens if you want the best quality photos from this one... the buttons are tactile but the screen is be...",Smart Watch,500
15444,5,"it's a good DSLR to own if u are not a pro and looking for entry level DSLR. This camera comes with 16GB card, and 18-55 lense kit. Then buy separate Fixed Focus Lense for close-ups. This will b a perfect Device then. wifi connection allows u to connect it directly to ur PC or Mobile. Easy to use user interface. strong and sturdy body. battery backup is good.",Smart Watch,361
15445,5,Excellent piece of product for simple usage and can take nice shots of closer locations. Zoom option is not up to the mark and works like any other DC. Faced difficulties capturing a still image of moving objects.,Smart Watch,213
15446,5,"It's a great deal, images are good, go for it, nice camera for beginners,images videos were amazing, if your budget was less then 30k then go for it don't think to much, I personally liked it. Thanku flipkart for this and for 1 day delivery.",Smart Watch,241
15447,4,"Guys please check the charger and battery when you receive the product. Fortunately my charger is not working fine, I gave it(charger) at canon service center for replacement. if the battery is not working we need pay the money from our pocket and that too we haven't check within ten days...  please use as early as possible one received the product....  One more important thing for any replacement is also take more time...",Smart Watch,426
15448,4,"A decent entry level DSLR. Very glad that it was bundled with a carry case.  The lens is decent for beginner level and some advanced level photography.  For the price I bought it, I can not say how glad I am.",Smart Watch,208
15449,5,"Superb product at great price! The class of image which a true blue DSLR can give you is unmatched by even a top end mobile camera. This model is so good, gives the full feel of a heavy duty DSLR while being light on the pocket. The complimentary memory card and camera bag were a welcome bonus, the bag is of good quality. When you hold a Canon camera, you have the assurance and confidence of a top notch product.",Smart Watch,415
15450,5,"Best camera ever. It's my first DSlr, never a disappointed. If you beginner that's have you. Go for it And just click result is awesome. Love you flipkart and love you very much nikon❤️",Smart Watch,185
15451,5,this is the best DSLR for beginer the price is the best DSLR best for the beginer I am really happy for this camera,Smart Watch,115
15452,3,Nyc osm fantastic Fabulous pictures quality ls vary vary good in this price range I m gone for 5 star thank you flipkart thank you so much for this camera,Smart Watch,154
15453,5,By my side nice dslr in short range facilities and perfection is very gud. this is not for professional camera bt its img quality like pro.. tnx,Smart Watch,144
15454,5,if you want a good video recording and good full HD pictures so you have to try some other DSLR otherwise it is good for simple use.,Smart Watch,132
15455,5,"I purchased this as my first DSLR. Still, I am learning. Mostly I am using auto mode only, and use manual mode occasionally. I got very good photos of my car to be posted on CarSangrah. It helped me getting good response.",Smart Watch,221
15456,5,"I purchased this last in the month of October after using roughly almost 7-8 months I can say this camera is a gem for beginners and for pro guys you'll not dissatisfied with the quality of camera , image capture quality. good battery backup high quality lense high quality cables even carry case is also good yeah bag looks little old fashioned but who cares about the bag when you have very decent camera at this price range",Smart Watch,426
15457,5,camera is good but if u are new to use it I would recommend that go for device having LCD screen it will be easy to use. other wise product is good at this price.,Smart Watch,162
15458,4,awsome product and super fast delivery by ekart and the packing of the product was also good...thanks flipkart for ur super fast service,Smart Watch,136
15459,5,A full featured DSLR with a good quality image sensor. It has all the features that are required for a mid level amateur. In skilled hands it is an awesome tool.,Smart Watch,161
15460,5,As like always Canon is perfect in all manner.. super pick by this price range. loved it,Smart Watch,88
15461,3,"Very good camera, the blurr effect works properly here. A good one for new photographers. The camera is having ES mode also.",Smart Watch,124
15462,4,"Guys, I have been using this DSL for almost 2 months, Image quality is very good in good lighting conditions, much better than our mobile phone cameras and indoor performance also good with flash but you can't use it without flash in low lighting condition.  Pros - Decent image quality for this price range. Decent battery life to take 600 photos in single charger. Wi-Fi function with canon app to download photos to smartphone easily.  Cons Fully Auto mode could have been better. On/off ...",Smart Watch,494
15463,5,amazing camera @ such price Range Display pixel is low but clearity in images we seen in mob laptops etc _ Best Camera Recommended for New users Better than my Nikkon D3400,Smart Watch,172
15464,5,this camer is the perfect one in this because range for photography although it has okay kind video feature but beyon that its perfect for a beginners...it can shoot in raw...which i qs not expecting n evething is so simple to understand in this...im perfectly statisfied with camera .?,Smart Watch,286
15465,5,Nice decent camera. worth every penny. got it for 19k during but billon day. lightweight. WiFi enabled: camera connect app Iain Google pay should be installed to use also can use mobile as remote for taking pictures when connected through WiFi.,Smart Watch,244
15466,5,"Terrific purchase.. I would like say before judging this product on the basis of looks and picture posted by others for this product won't give much exposure. For whom just want to buy a dslr I would say better get some knowledge about DSLR first how to operate it like what is aperture, focal length and shutter speed. Once you have this knowledge you can do anything and everything about photography with this product.",Smart Watch,420
15467,5,I thin it was awesome.... I liked very much...... I am a beginner..... I really like my camera EOS 3000D..... NICE Pic clarity...... Lite wait..... Simple functioning..... I like very much.....,Smart Watch,193
15468,5,Entry level DSLR. If the usage is only for family and trips then its for you. worth the price. capturing photos when screen is on is lagging but works perfect when shot with view finder. Build quality is good,Smart Watch,208
15469,4,product is good nice product in best budget battery backup is not good i didnt like the batery i m going to change the battery it offs suddenly even in a full charge,Smart Watch,165
15470,4,what to say. just the best cam for amature photography enthusiasts. I mostly use it as point and shoot during family functions and spl occasions. works superb. it's pretty fast in taking pics in auto mode and offers all the basic modes as in most cameras but with exceptional picture clarity. just go for it if you are looking for cheap camera and professional quality photos. there is hardly any other camera in the market that offers the same value for money.,Smart Watch,461
15471,4,"thks for fk for gud deal offer. thks to seller for timely despatch and safe packing. it's a gud deal for this money, gud for beginners. I gifted it for my dad.",Smart Watch,159
15472,5,nice but little old lens. good for entry level. if you got extra bucks go for a better model.,Smart Watch,93
15473,5,"Wow what an excellent product i'm so lucky to bought this camera is very less price and its working superbly, i recommend to all who want to try DSLR in beginning level, this camera giving you all what you want at initial level.. Thank you flipkart and Canon",Smart Watch,258
15474,5,"Best Entry Level DSLR in this range. My first DSLR. Loved It. Good delivery, thank you Flipkart !",Smart Watch,97
15475,4,"Nice Camera in Great Price, Good for photo passionate",Smart Watch,53
15476,3,its the best DSLR in the price range of below 20k .its a basic model..so don't expect more..but yes its far better than point to zoom cams......doesn't have good zoo.... could have been better...I purchased for 18990/- on big billion day sale...till now I m in learning mode...I m just exploring all the options,Smart Watch,311
15477,5,thanks ekart to deliver 1 day before . thanks to flipkart to shipped at time . And deliver good product no any issue . when open cannon . picture quality is good . this is for new comer on photography . Image quality is good .,Smart Watch,226
15478,5,Camera is very good to take pictures and easy to handle. I am facing only problem of focus. If rotate the zoom to take close photo then it is not clear. May be i am not aware to set properly zoom. Otherwise in open area this is very good. Even can take photos of hills and from long distance.,Smart Watch,292
15479,4,Since this is my first DSLR so I give it 4 stars (after using it for a day) as I don't have anything to compare it with. But this has got all the features that a begginer can think of. Though an Auto Flash and a Metal Lens Mount (metal being more durable) could have added the fifth star to my rating. Picture quality is good considering 18 MP camera you can't expect more. Upgrade the lens if you want to have a better experience. I am not much worried about the video quality as I bought this fo...,Smart Watch,500
15480,5,"Amazing camera for beginners. It really allows you to learn basics of photography like shutter speed, iso, aperture etc. I recommend every beginner to first learn how to use this one thoroughly and then move on to professional level cameras like 80D or 5D.",Smart Watch,256
15481,4,Good one for a beginner.. Functionality is really good and worth the price. Loving it actually! but there should have been a cap for the display. That would make it perfect.,Smart Watch,173
15482,5,excellent product and fast delivery by Flipkart. found very good and offer provided was a very good deal for beginners. already 1 month over and all working in good way. original product.,Smart Watch,187
15483,5,it's awesome gift... always thnkful papa..I feel very happy .. it's good working...and very clean photo..,Smart Watch,105
15484,5,Very Good Result But Not For Photographer in Studio Use . Studio Light Triger Nit Supported But Family Use Best Camera Under 25 k,Smart Watch,129
15485,4,Good quality product for the price. Photo quality is commendable and iinbuilt wifi is an advantage as it can be used to wirelessly use camera for capture and data transfer. Even the video quality is very nice at1080p.,Smart Watch,217
15486,4,awesome product very good . thank you flipkart for awesome discount,Smart Watch,67
15487,5,"Happy with the product and quality of the image is also awesome for the beginners.., got free wireless head phone.. thanks 😃",Smart Watch,124
15488,4,Product worth for money. nice clarity and amazing snaps,Smart Watch,55
15489,5,"I have used many of my friends' dslrs to do some photography, and now, since I had to buy one of my own, being a newbie I went for this and boy o boy this camera is brilliant!  for a beginner this wouldnt have hot any better. am completely satisfied with this purchase for I have bought it during BBD'18 and at a jaw dropping prove of 17k. yeah!  thanks Flipkart!",Smart Watch,363
15490,4,value for money good for beginners but to different to use as it have less buttons,Smart Watch,82
15491,5,awesome 🤗🤗🤗,Smart Watch,11
15492,5,awsome Dslr camera,Smart Watch,18
15493,5,awesome for beginners😎,Smart Watch,22
15494,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
15495,5,good product.....easy to use......fast delivery........love this one.,Smart Watch,69
15496,5,Budget DSLR for beginner...,Smart Watch,27
15497,4,awesome purchase 😘😘,Smart Watch,19
15498,5,just amazing for a beginner.. a fantastic camera to learn photography,Smart Watch,69
15499,5,good for beginners..u can see the picture quality...,Smart Watch,52
15500,5,"best handy camera for beginners, nice packaging and i recieved the delivery than the actual date given by the flipkart😍",Smart Watch,119
15501,5,hasam guys let's try,Smart Watch,20
15502,5,"good product...best for beginners and price range is so good.... built quality is not so good the lens mount is built with polycarbonat, so if u use a high weight lens it may damage the body..  i add some sample pic ...lets see...",Smart Watch,230
15503,4,very good camera for general photography.,Smart Watch,41
15504,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15505,4,Good for begginers!!,Smart Watch,20
15506,4,Really good one for beginners.,Smart Watch,30
15507,5,supper,Smart Watch,6
15508,4,Best camera for beginners ... Thanks Flipkart ♥️,Smart Watch,48
15509,4,"According to this price, the camera is really awsome. The picture quality is really great. Worth of money",Smart Watch,105
15510,5,this price good products,Smart Watch,24
15511,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
15512,5,nice camera..,Smart Watch,13
15513,5,Best for beginners...,Smart Watch,21
15514,5,Very good camera. I love this camera 🥳💕,Smart Watch,39
15515,5,awesome product. Got it at an unbelievable price Rs15300. Happy with performance. You just need to shovel over Lightroom/photoshop a bit to create artistry,Smart Watch,155
15516,5,Fast delivery.... Everything is fine... Loved it😍😍😍,Smart Watch,51
15517,5,great..,Smart Watch,7
15518,4,super product..,Smart Watch,15
15519,5,Nice Camera pic quality is good.,Smart Watch,32
15520,5,killer product in this price,Smart Watch,28
15521,5,"awesome features...i gifted it to my hubby he is very happy.nice packaging,too good in such a price.perfect for personal use....",Smart Watch,128
15522,5,Really nice ...its awesome camera for beginners,Smart Watch,47
15523,5,this is real good gear for the begginers m adding few photos which has been taken with kit lense and also with canon 50mm prime lense this should be lil more weighty as this is very light in wait which can be the reason of lil shaky pics,Smart Watch,237
15524,5,best product and satisfied,Smart Watch,26
15525,5,For beginners good camera.,Smart Watch,26
15526,5,Nice Camera.....,Smart Watch,16
15527,5,Camera is good as expected at this price.. Thanks flipkart for fast delivery..,Smart Watch,78
15528,5,Best dslr in this price❤️😍🔥🔥 Just go for it🔥,Smart Watch,44
15529,5,nyc quality,Smart Watch,11
15530,5,nice 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,8
15531,5,Best DSLR in this price👌🏻👌🏻,Smart Watch,27
15532,4,awsome product......😍😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,25
15533,5,Several functions are not available and body quality is too bad. Better go for 1500d..,Smart Watch,86
15534,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15535,5,Good camera.. And good quality... Best for.. Photo and also videos..,Smart Watch,68
15536,3,it's really canon dslr camera super super HD photo,Smart Watch,50
15537,5,nice pic,Smart Watch,8
15538,5,good value for money,Smart Watch,20
15539,5,Spr product,Smart Watch,11
15540,3,excellent ❣️❣️,Smart Watch,14
15541,5,good one for beginners,Smart Watch,22
15542,3,good.,Smart Watch,5
15543,5,My first dslr camara osm,Smart Watch,24
15544,5,nice👌👌👌,Smart Watch,7
15545,4,nice product,Smart Watch,12
15546,5,This is very good for now ...but any one know how much sutter click have it...,Smart Watch,78
15547,5,nice camera.my first DSLR.very happy with it,Smart Watch,44
15548,5,Amazing product and super fast delivery 😍really happy.. Thank you flipkart!,Smart Watch,75
15549,5,entry level camera 3000 d best camera good quality,Smart Watch,50
15550,4,excellent,Smart Watch,9
15551,5,"amazing product for beginnen photographer, canon is always best and better than other Dslrs.amazing video shoot on this dslr.",Smart Watch,125
15552,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
15553,5,Awesome Camera With Superb Picture Quality at This Reasonable Price..,Smart Watch,69
15554,5,it's my 1st camera and it's just awesome,Smart Watch,40
15555,4,super image quality,Smart Watch,19
15556,4,best for beginners,Smart Watch,18
15557,5,parfect time delivery and nice picture entry level cemera.,Smart Watch,58
15558,5,canon eos3000d is for beginners. Good image qulity and good battery backup. if you starting photography it's good for you.,Smart Watch,122
15559,5,great cam for beginners...,Smart Watch,26
15560,5,"Nice camera..... Good design,soft working..... Great camera",Smart Watch,59
15561,5,Just awesome,Smart Watch,12
15562,4,Great camera for beginners. Really very nice product in such price. Best entry level DSLR.,Smart Watch,90
15563,5,"Very good camera, Loved it ?",Smart Watch,28
15564,5,"Mind blowing purchase. I got this at 15299/- after discount in big billon day. The camera is awesome in photo quality. And one more thing I wanted to say, there are somany reviews and videos on youtube sayibg this 3000D build quality is plastic.. But belive me you don't feel this is plastic. Very descent build quality. You can go for this. And for lens mount it's not metal but it's very strong.",Smart Watch,397
15565,5,Got it yesterday. Working fine till now. Flipkart delivery is awesome.,Smart Watch,70
15566,4,All most good packed is also good,Smart Watch,33
15567,5,"Value for money, worth buying... 🖤",Smart Watch,34
15568,5,Best for beginners....,Smart Watch,22
15569,5,Very good camera in this range biginners go for it,Smart Watch,50
15570,5,This is my 1st camera and I just love it.,Smart Watch,41
15571,5,Good budject camera for bigners. All good other the body material. Its is plastic body. So need to take care..,Smart Watch,110
15572,4,fantastic camera😘😘😘,Smart Watch,19
15573,5,"I didnt know much about these DSLR s before owning this, I would suggest to buy a touch screen model by spending a little more. And always buy with bundled lens offer else it would cost a lot more to buy the 55/250 lens separately. The 18/55 lens which comes along is pretty basic.",Smart Watch,281
15574,4,superb,Smart Watch,6
15575,4,If you are about to buy your first camera then go for it blindly. It is the best device for beginners.,Smart Watch,102
15576,5,Awsone product..loved it.. Entry level dslr camera...best for the price...,Smart Watch,74
15577,5,Good for beginners & I got it for 22k during offers with free Motorola pulse Bluetooth headset,Smart Watch,94
15578,4,Really good for beginners just like me.,Smart Watch,39
15579,4,BEST CAMERA FOR PHOTO SHOOT AND VIDEO RECORDING 👇👇👇,Smart Watch,51
15580,4,awesome dslr but it's Very hard and difficult to focus and click pictures at free will during night time and low light conditions,Smart Watch,129
15581,5,Nice dslr my first dslr the best dslr osm,Smart Watch,41
15582,5,best for beginners....,Smart Watch,22
15583,5,I love canon 3000D,Smart Watch,18
15584,5,Best Camera for beginners,Smart Watch,25
15585,5,I am first time DSLR'er. Felt like what I needed right now. Loved it.,Smart Watch,69
15586,5,Very Very good camera. I am satisfied.,Smart Watch,38
15587,5,super for beginners 🥰,Smart Watch,21
15588,3,Excellent product💞,Smart Watch,18
15589,5,These are simply owesome for the beginners. I bought it at Rs.20990 n i totally loved it. And i thank flipkart for delivering in time.,Smart Watch,134
15590,5,good for short distance because 18-55mm lens not clear blur far object so this camera is good blur to near object,Smart Watch,113
15591,5,awsome,Smart Watch,6
15592,4,best for beginners,Smart Watch,18
15593,5,"Only one word... EXCELLENT!!!  One of the best DSLR Camera to buy for Beginners. CANON, never comprimise the quality and standards.  Thanks CANON!",Smart Watch,146
15594,4,used 3000 D and lens used 70 300,Smart Watch,32
15595,5,So nice,Smart Watch,7
15596,5,Great camera for beginners,Smart Watch,26
15597,4,nice product.love it😃,Smart Watch,21
15598,5,If you are just a beginner and want a good product to to try out with all the settings. Capture some best images. go for it,Smart Watch,123
15599,5,Best Camera till now for personal use and for travellers. .,Smart Watch,59
15600,5,very good cam low price,Smart Watch,23
15601,5,Good for beginners ??,Smart Watch,21
15602,5,best entry level camera,Smart Watch,23
15603,3,super this price,Smart Watch,16
15604,4,Great camera at very affordable pricing. Just loved it👍👍,Smart Watch,56
15605,5,nice one 😍,Smart Watch,10
15606,5,Superb Dslr Camera... 😍,Smart Watch,23
15607,3,an excellent DSLR with low price,Smart Watch,32
15608,5,NYC camera for beginners.....and delivery boy behavior was very gentle....thanks Flipkart,Smart Watch,89
15609,5,I love camera 3000D very nice,Smart Watch,29
15610,5,For beginner its great option. I got this less than 17k. And i am sure no body can give this kind of deal on this camer. Thank you so much Flipkart,Smart Watch,147
15611,5,nice product,Smart Watch,12
15612,5,Excellent camera .,Smart Watch,18
15613,5,Picture quality is awesome and it's the best choice for beginners,Smart Watch,65
15614,5,seller lot of times cancelled my return request it's not detecting memory card don't trust my money was gone totally disappointed my self am foolish worst product Canon 3000d,Smart Watch,174
15615,4,nice camera good for entry level.... worth it.,Smart Watch,46
15616,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
15617,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
15618,5,awesome,Smart Watch,7
15619,5,Good for beginners. Image quality and features are good.,Smart Watch,56
15620,5,Great cheating by flipkart,Smart Watch,26
15621,1,Excellent 😊,Smart Watch,11
15622,4,Lovely camera 😍,Smart Watch,15
15623,5,worth it,Smart Watch,8
15624,5,Good product at low cost. better than a mobile camera. U can buy it instead of using mobile camera.,Smart Watch,99
15625,5,Bst for beginners Got this dslr only 18k on offer price Jst amazing,Smart Watch,67
15626,4,Nice product.....image quality is really good,Smart Watch,45
15627,1,excellent for basic photography,Smart Watch,31
15628,5,Nice product thanks flipkard ❤️nice,Smart Watch,35
15629,5,good camera for beginners and also easy to use image quality is nice,Smart Watch,68
15630,4,some feature missing. like remote pc connect not available. but good camera. I got 1 year and 8 months warranty.,Smart Watch,112
15631,5,"Awsm camera , light weight , easy to operate , Wifi function is great .. Tnx Flipkart 😊",Smart Watch,87
15632,5,Cheap and best. If you want more at this price then u r a fool. Best for the begginers,Smart Watch,86
15633,4,best DSLR canon EOS 3000,Smart Watch,24
15634,5,awesome picture quality .. I'm so happy,Smart Watch,39
15635,5,"best camera in this price range, for beginners",Smart Watch,46
15636,5,best DSLR,Smart Watch,9
15637,4,First of all I should had to go in Amazon. USB port not working. Return/exchange policy is very bad. Me and my family were doing shopping minimum 15k monthly shopping here which need be stop now onward.,Smart Watch,202
15638,5,NIC CAMERA BUT I HAVE H PROBLEM IN BAG QUALITY | its quality look like 3 class quality,Smart Watch,86
15639,5,image quality is good....and easy to use,Smart Watch,40
15640,5,v.good for beginners.. worth it as its price..,Smart Watch,46
15641,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
15642,5,It's good for beginners ❤,Smart Watch,25
15643,5,Pretty good for beginners you can learn how to switch auto ro manuals. Kit lens 18-55mm is not impressive . No chance with macro photography. For more info Check my page on instagram @shoot_at_sight.3000d,Smart Watch,204
15644,1,Amazing Camera,Smart Watch,14
15645,5,"This is not a camera, It's a Killer of all camera, superb, best in market",Smart Watch,73
15646,4,nice prfomence camera,Smart Watch,21
15647,5,nyc product for beginners photography and this price main awesome product ye single kit lens ke shot h,Smart Watch,102
15648,4,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
15649,5,Basic functionalities are good enough for a beginner to learn. It struggles a bit under low light conditions with the kit lens. Images produced are colour accurate.,Smart Watch,164
15650,3,Nice camera for beginners but have to change lence if u want take long shots....,Smart Watch,80
15651,5,nice images & my fast canon 3000d osama image,Smart Watch,45
15652,5,"A great entry level DSLR, having almost all the features like other EOS models . Love it.",Smart Watch,89
15653,5,value for money add a lense of 55-250 u will get awesome results these pics are clicked by 18-55 kit lense,Smart Watch,106
15654,5,very good products..time to time delivery..,Smart Watch,43
15655,5,My first camera..... Osm camera..,Smart Watch,33
15656,4,Satisfied,Smart Watch,9
15657,5,Pleased with the product. It's only drawback is that it doesn't have a separate on-off button.,Smart Watch,94
15658,5,Best for entry level photography. Budget friendly.,Smart Watch,50
15659,5,Good for beginners,Smart Watch,18
15660,4,Super,Smart Watch,5
15661,5,Best DSLR to begin with..,Smart Watch,25
15662,5,Very good camera,Smart Watch,16
15663,5,good experience,Smart Watch,15
15664,5,worth for money,Smart Watch,15
15665,5,good quality 🥰😘😘,Smart Watch,16
15666,4,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15667,5,NYC product,Smart Watch,11
15668,5,Best Camera for beginners this is the best low-cost DSLR,Smart Watch,56
15669,5,Best choice for beginners DSLR photography...,Smart Watch,45
15670,5,outstanding,Smart Watch,11
15671,5,good dsrl for begginers thanks Flipkart for this exciting offers,Smart Watch,64
15672,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15673,5,osm camera for beginners,Smart Watch,24
15674,5,order canon camera..recieved sony camera...so disappointing,Smart Watch,59
15675,5,Super camera my first DSLR super I love it,Smart Watch,42
15676,5,16 gb memory card was missing......dont buy it from flipkart.. If you want to buy it....buy it from amazon.,Smart Watch,107
15677,4,very .........nice,Smart Watch,18
15678,5,"dont buy this cAmera it does not support all external flashes , this camera only support TTL ...",Smart Watch,96
15679,4,"Pathetic built, display is gross. better go for nikon or 1500d",Smart Watch,62
15680,5,very nice camara canon,Smart Watch,22
15681,1,battery is not getting charged........and now dont know what to do😣😣,Smart Watch,68
15682,5,i relly thank fulll to flipkart Osm,Smart Watch,35
15683,1,"best entry level DSLR, I buy it for 16000/- On bigbillion days through Hdfc credit card Thanks to Flipkart",Smart Watch,106
15684,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
15685,1,"Don't buy this product, not upto the canon mark image quality and no return policy also...now I can't return it nor can't keep it",Smart Watch,129
15686,1,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
15687,5,Worth for a beginner !! Would recommend to have a 50 mm lens additionally to get start your photography skills 👍,Smart Watch,112
15688,1,Absolutely damaged product... There was white fungus under the display... Disgusting.. Neber expected that Flipkart Assured products will be of such pathetic quality!!! I was totally shocked to see the fungus..which was also not removable!!! Shame!!!,Smart Watch,250
15689,5,I recommended you to go with 1500d or others else,Smart Watch,49
15690,5,For learning purpose and make hobby fullfil is the best camera in it's price range and image quality is also good. Worth of money. Here some samples I have clicked using this camera.,Smart Watch,182
15691,5,Best entry Level DSLR at low price. Never expected such a good product under 20K. Camera quality: Just fabulous Rating: 4.8/5,Smart Watch,125
15692,1,Awesome for beginners go for it,Smart Watch,31
15693,5,Best Camera for Beginners. Image quality is best. Zoom is only 3x. Paisa wasool.,Smart Watch,80
15694,5,Good for beginners Image quality is also good,Smart Watch,45
15695,1,Best for learn beginning photography,Smart Watch,36
15696,2,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15697,4,"Just go fr it guyz, itz awsm camera ❤️",Smart Watch,38
15698,5,nice camara under 23000 Takar modda,Smart Watch,35
15699,5,it's very Good products and original canon product fast delivery so satisfying,Smart Watch,78
15700,5,Superrrr,Smart Watch,8
15701,3,good product I m so happy bhut time lga laine me love u,Smart Watch,55
15702,3,Awesome... Awesome... I got it with price of 15k+ during Big billion day sale. I feel it was very cheap price for such a classy products... love you my first camera Canon,Smart Watch,170
15703,5,I think best camera for the beginners. Pic quality is too good. I bought it in Rs. 18799/-.,Smart Watch,91
15704,4,Excellent camera,Smart Watch,16
15705,5,It's awesome clarity,Smart Watch,20
15706,5,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
15707,5,value for money product,Smart Watch,23
15708,5,Simply superb for beginners,Smart Watch,27
15709,5,nice camera that in my hand,Smart Watch,27
15710,5,Good I like it And buy this product good working,Smart Watch,48
15711,5,Good camera....,Smart Watch,15
15712,5,good,Smart Watch,4
15713,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15714,5,Thank you Flipkart cool product,Smart Watch,31
15715,5,splendid camera.. though m beginner at photography. this piece steals the show. still need to find out how to make the features available.. but pics says it all,Smart Watch,160
15716,4,"nice 📷 camera good pixils,",Smart Watch,26
15717,5,good quality pictures,Smart Watch,21
15718,4,awesome,Smart Watch,7
15719,4,Good for beginners. Interface cable must include with camera,Smart Watch,60
15720,5,Excellent good budget only personal use,Smart Watch,39
15721,5,nice,Smart Watch,4
15722,5,Super qulaty ❤️😍😍😍,Smart Watch,18
15723,4,Loved it,Smart Watch,8
15724,5,Such a nice camera with lens and affordable price. thanks Flipkart🥰🥰🥰🥰,Smart Watch,70
15725,5,Images Awesome..but Display quality very low,Smart Watch,44
15726,4,My first pic and awesome camera for beginners,Smart Watch,45
15727,4,amazing product but 4 stars because delayed delivery but except that everything is great loved it 😍,Smart Watch,99
15728,5,Excellent quality & really amazing picture quality,Smart Watch,50
15729,5,Worth of money.. love you canon. Thnks flipkart,Smart Watch,47
15730,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
15731,5,plastic mount,Smart Watch,13
15732,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15733,5,Good for the price but I would suggest if you have money then go for 1500d. Can capture decent picture but the display size and color production is very poor if you compare it with 1300d or 1500d.  I have attached some sample shots. For more sample shots you can visit (Abhinav____ on instagram),Smart Watch,295
15734,4,Good camra for click photo Use for only parsonaly not for business Best result with 1.8 prime lens 50mm See my pictures and comment me,Smart Watch,134
15735,5,Nyc thise camera,Smart Watch,16
15736,5,Mast quality,Smart Watch,12
15737,4,Good product I love it,Smart Watch,22
15738,3,"As like all the reviews, This one is a Best choice if you are a beginner in photography. The camera body is quite grippy, Comfortable button placements, Easy to control the mannual settings to adjust shutter speed, ISO, and aperture.",Smart Watch,233
15739,5,Good 1,Smart Watch,6
15740,5,I bought this camera in the year 2018 for 16K giving this review after more than 2yreas of using. Its a complete satisfaction I must say. With its wifi and remote photography options what more can you expect at this price. It a perfect choice for some who wants to learn.,Smart Watch,271
15741,4,"everything reached in a perfect shape without any damage , cam is too good , but should be bought only with the zoom lens, kit lens is not that much useful.features are awesome. it is wifi enabled to share your photos. thorugh wifi u can connect ur mobile ,which can show the live cam screen on your mobile . flash is good i got it at 21500 without zoom lens. upto now there r no reasons to mark it a bad one ,except the reasons to say it is an awesome product at such a price.",Smart Watch,477
15742,5,Good to start,Smart Watch,13
15743,5,"Got it for 20k flat ! Excellent product for beginners and learners ! It even comes with a free learning courseware subscription the box ! Only thing tou need to take care is that the Mount ring lacks steel reinforcement, so lens changes need to be carefully done....",Smart Watch,266
15744,5,"For 19k its worth only, country of origin: Thailand",Smart Watch,51
15745,4,This camera better to buy in this prise 👍 and simply super options.,Smart Watch,67
15746,4,My first DSLR good one for beginners easy to use and worth for mony.,Smart Watch,68
15747,5,Good camera below 20k,Smart Watch,21
15748,5,Best 😍,Smart Watch,6
15749,5,Lerning camera nothing better than anythings,Smart Watch,44
15750,5,Really osm 🥰🥰 good product... Am so happy 😘,Smart Watch,43
15751,5,love it,Smart Watch,7
15752,4,Awesome camera 😊😊,Smart Watch,17
15753,5,Good for beginners. Go for it.,Smart Watch,30
15754,5,Gud quality,Smart Watch,11
15755,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15756,5,Great Photos with this dslr,Smart Watch,27
15757,5,Satisfied😊,Smart Watch,10
15758,5,Just wow????,Smart Watch,12
15759,5,best i get in 15k only Thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,38
15760,5,"Its being 2 months that I have used this product. I must say that every pics gives me a complete satisfaction. There are a lot of new things that you can learn, and also you can show your creativity. Go for it without a doubt",Smart Watch,225
15761,5,satisfied,Smart Watch,9
15762,5,superb pictures,Smart Watch,15
15763,5,Best DSLR for beginners...,Smart Watch,26
15764,4,good camera at this price.. lense isn't that good..,Smart Watch,51
15765,5,nice camera and good picture quality,Smart Watch,36
15766,5,awesome product,Smart Watch,15
15767,5,Awesome Camera My First Camara,Smart Watch,30
15768,4,Overall perfect for a beginner. Nice packing and timely delivery.,Smart Watch,65
15769,5,great cam,Smart Watch,9
15770,5,Awesome DSLR in this range.....!!!,Smart Watch,34
15771,5,good camra,Smart Watch,10
15772,5,", outstanding product",Smart Watch,21
15773,5,a perfect dslr for the beginner's. just loved it,Smart Watch,48
15774,5,superb dslr,Smart Watch,11
15775,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15776,5,it's best DSLR under 20k....,Smart Watch,28
15777,5,Product is very good. But delivery services are very bad,Smart Watch,56
15778,5,nice DSLR,Smart Watch,9
15779,5,superbbb pic quality. great product in low price.,Smart Watch,49
15780,5,good products,Smart Watch,13
15781,5,Superb camera.,Smart Watch,14
15782,5,Budget camera,Smart Watch,13
15783,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15784,5,Too good,Smart Watch,8
15785,5,There is a problem in auto zoom. It takes a lot of time in stabilizing the focus. I tried a lot to return and sorder a higher version ..but Flipkart policy has changed and this is creating a problem for us.  I request Flipkart to consider return also...not just replacement.. because we put a lot of money in products and if that comes out to be bad...then we are stuck. I'll make sure not to order anything . Would prefer buying it after testing in the market .. paying a bit more .. Atleast 500...,Smart Watch,499
15786,5,good,Smart Watch,4
15787,4,Nice camera.with perfact price👌👌👌,Smart Watch,33
15788,5,best camera available i just got it for rs 18999.0,Smart Watch,50
15789,5,good camera,Smart Watch,11
15790,4,best for beginers ill just say its osm,Smart Watch,38
15791,3,super... my first DSLR.... it's my birthday gift from my wife....,Smart Watch,65
15792,1,waste of money,Smart Watch,14
15793,4,i just love this cammera delivery is so fast .cammera is amazing,Smart Watch,64
15794,5,excellent product ....,Smart Watch,22
15795,5,"It's is most wonderful camera but single that one this bad 18_55 lens only camera bulr on back ground super low zooming one of this bad but money value able camera... Good, super, osm, vera 11,",Smart Watch,193
15796,4,excellent packing and product.,Smart Watch,30
15797,5,"Good camera for personal use,",Smart Watch,29
15798,5,Very bad return policies. I will not buy in future anything... Baster policies,Smart Watch,78
15799,1,it is wow camera it is better than Nikon d3400 heavy performance,Smart Watch,64
15800,5,good product,Smart Watch,12
15801,5,nice photo,Smart Watch,10
15802,5,Quality is good in this price range...,Smart Watch,38
15803,4,good,Smart Watch,4
15804,5,Pixel quality bad when image zooming,Smart Watch,36
15805,5,Nice pics,Smart Watch,9
15806,5,Just awesome Battery backup upto 7hrs for continuous shoot Quality of picture is good User friendly for beginners Overall performance was good Thanks to flipkart and seller Written this review after one month usage.,Smart Watch,215
15807,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15808,5,Image reasult is awesome Camera quality so good,Smart Watch,47
15809,4,Camera is amazing. But i didn't get memory card and bag with it so a lil bit disappointed. But overall the camera is awesome Ho for it i got is for 22k I'd suggest you to buy it in big billion days you may get it for 18 to 19k rupees.,Smart Watch,234
15810,5,If you're Planning to buy this camera for video shoot then you are going to do a big mistake because it's video quality is too much poor .,Smart Watch,138
15811,3,Very nice camera... But main thing is that I don't know some of its functions so after using 3-4 months I will give my review again,Smart Watch,131
15812,5,Blur system is very good,Smart Watch,24
15813,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15814,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15815,5,So Nice.I love this,Smart Watch,19
15816,4,Camera is good but storage is not enough camera quality is very nice this is expensive but according to price features very less.,Smart Watch,129
15817,1,Good product for the price range.,Smart Watch,33
15818,5,Super 💕,Smart Watch,7
15819,5,Awesome product i.e. dslr camera at this price . I am using it since 5 months..,Smart Watch,79
15820,4,Awesome in this price range great quality,Smart Watch,41
15821,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15822,5,Very good photo,Smart Watch,15
15823,3,Wast of mony,Smart Watch,12
15824,4,"Product is very good. Got in okay condition, but Flipkart has not packed it safely as it's a sophisticated product which needs to be packed for safety during shipping. And secondly I want to mention this time Flipkart fooled me by not giving the camera bag with the pack. Memory card is also excluded from the pack. Atleast bag should be there.",Smart Watch,344
15825,5,Very good camera but hotshoe system is not satisfied,Smart Watch,52
15826,5,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
15827,4,Always guves a crisp image. Best for beginner. And I am a beginner.,Smart Watch,67
15828,5,"At least it should have the basic accessories like beg, datacable to connect to or laptop and a memory card.... top of the camera need to expend more then 5k to buy basic accessories.",Smart Watch,183
15829,5,Best option as an entry level DSLR. And with 18-55 lens still manages to get background blurred pictures.,Smart Watch,105
15830,1,"Two reasons for not rating 5 stars. One, I would have paid a bit more for a memory card too. Please include it, it's not complete without one. Two is more a camera display issue- it tends to randomly become quite white. I just passed my return by date, so I can't return, but it's a random issue. I've seen that reinserting the battery solves it.",Smart Watch,346
15831,5,At this price..it is okay.but if you are expecting professional quality fotography then it is not for you..Go for some higher price model.,Smart Watch,138
15832,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15833,4,Excellent product the picture is much more good,Smart Watch,47
15834,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
15835,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15836,4,Good for entry level. I bought is super cheap at 19k. Wait for offers.. if want a bit better one go for 1500d,Smart Watch,109
15837,4,Not happy ...not focusing properly,Smart Watch,34
15838,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15839,5,Canon is best,Smart Watch,13
15840,4,It's a great camera. Love this functions. It's very simple to use.,Smart Watch,66
15841,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
15842,5,Budget camera 📷📷,Smart Watch,16
15843,5,Nis,Smart Watch,3
15844,1,Preface for personal photography,Smart Watch,32
15845,3,Best camera,Smart Watch,11
15846,5,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
15847,4,"Picture Quality is very good. Satisfied with the auto focus lens, night portrait mode is awesome. Video quality not that good. Value for money. Best for beginners start up.",Smart Watch,172
15848,5,Good dslr for beginners,Smart Watch,23
15849,5,Just buy this and later on buy extra lens from canon. Its handy and perfect.,Smart Watch,76
15850,5,Good camera for Beginners,Smart Watch,25
15851,4,My fast DSLR it's osm 😍,Smart Watch,23
15852,5,"Nice Camera...I brought this Camera for my Brother in Big Billions sales with No Cost EMI at 18880 INR... Thank you Flipkart...from Manipur, Moreh.",Smart Watch,147
15853,4,Need other lens to be get long shots,Smart Watch,36
15854,4,Fantastic 📷,Smart Watch,11
15855,4,It's in mid-range best quality.,Smart Watch,31
15856,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15857,5,Bast beginner camera go for it ..,Smart Watch,33
15858,4,im happy,Smart Watch,8
15859,4,Super n,Smart Watch,7
15860,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15861,5,Very nice product.... I am very Happy,Smart Watch,37
15862,4,Superb in this range of money...,Smart Watch,32
15863,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15864,5,Bro Genuine product M.D: 08:20 Thanks Seller.,Smart Watch,45
15865,5,Recommended.. Have to learn the trick after that uh uh can capture everything so easily.. Go for it ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,104
15866,5,Good One for beginers,Smart Watch,21
15867,4,Amazing photos and videos,Smart Watch,25
15868,5,Good quality 😀,Smart Watch,14
15869,5,Best Dslr camera for beginners📸📷,Smart Watch,32
15870,4,Loved it ❤️,Smart Watch,11
15871,5,Camera is damn good. I would suggest every beginner to buy this camera.But if you want to shoot videos go for other camera this camera don't have external mic.I have given 4 stars only due to delivery service i got this after 11 days,Smart Watch,233
15872,5,my 1st camera....I like it,Smart Watch,26
15873,5,Good lv it,Smart Watch,10
15874,5,Best Beginner's DSLR.,Smart Watch,21
15875,5,Very good dslr camera..same as 1300d but advantage is 3000d is lighter weight.only disadvantage is it's lcd resolution.,Smart Watch,119
15876,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15877,5,Awesome for only photography perpas...I bought this camera Rs-15299... great grab...,Smart Watch,84
15878,4,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
15879,5,Great for beginners,Smart Watch,19
15880,5,Nice pitcher quality,Smart Watch,20
15881,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
15882,5,Awesome i got in 16.5k so i would suggest instead of 1500d go for 3000d same thing in less prz,Smart Watch,94
15883,4,Good for beginners... Very user friendly...,Smart Watch,43
15884,5,It is nice,Smart Watch,10
15885,5,Good camera but only thing is that it focus take very long time,Smart Watch,63
15886,5,Its very good camera for beginners. I got this product in 16499/- . With 50 mm lens its superb,Smart Watch,94
15887,5,Simply awsome,Smart Watch,13
15888,5,"All is very good , but lens 70-300 is very expensive.",Smart Watch,53
15889,4,Good Product..nice camera,Smart Watch,25
15890,5,Superb camera for beginners who wants to be a photographer.,Smart Watch,59
15891,3,"best DSLR for those who want to but first DSLR,best entry level DSLR,amazing picture quality. pros-great image quality,affordable,light weight,good battery life cons-not great for videography,not for night photography",Smart Watch,217
15892,4,Nice good tq canon,Smart Watch,18
15893,4,Nice camera for the youth❤,Smart Watch,26
15894,5,Best in class!!! IF YOU HAVE INTEREST IN PHOTOGRAPHY ONLY THAN THIS IS FOR YOU.. Surprisingly PERFECT and most important is under the BUDGET!!!,Smart Watch,143
15895,4,Really impressed with camera effect. Nice image quality easy access through WiFi through phone no need cables to copy.,Smart Watch,118
15896,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
15897,5,Random shots in auto mode the pictures are great good canon,Smart Watch,59
15898,5,Camera quality is perfect💯 I like the lens most 🤑🤑🤑🤑,Smart Watch,52
15899,4,Awsome product 👌👌👌,Smart Watch,18
15900,5,Vlaue of money 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,Smart Watch,23
15901,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
15902,5,Camera is soo good. Quality so cool.,Smart Watch,36
15903,5,Ossam products,Smart Watch,14
15904,5,Great,Smart Watch,5
15905,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
15906,5,it is very good dslr for new people who thinks that photography is their passion not very expensive yet the good product with complete package. some sample taking from this camera very good camera for new commers,Smart Watch,212
15907,5,Good one,Smart Watch,8
15908,5,Best Value For Money DSLR.,Smart Watch,26
15909,5,loved it,Smart Watch,8
15910,3,best dslr on this price,Smart Watch,23
15911,5,picture quality is awesome.......,Smart Watch,33
15912,5,super quality pixel,Smart Watch,19
15913,5,good camera for entry level.,Smart Watch,28
15914,5,osam,Smart Watch,4
15915,4,Great Picture... Good for beginners,Smart Watch,35
15916,5,value for money,Smart Watch,15
15917,5,best beginners camera. Got it in billion day sale for 16999..best price for a fully functional dslr camera. an additional lens can be purchased as the stock one along with cam is a landscape lens. lightweight body and all shooting modes available.,Smart Watch,247
15918,5,I am very happy it's better,Smart Watch,27
15919,5,Just Awesome,Smart Watch,12
15920,4,super,Smart Watch,5
15921,5,Vern nice product,Smart Watch,17
15922,5,good pictures.. weight less,Smart Watch,27
15923,5,Not good for video,Smart Watch,18
15924,5,Nice Camera under 20000 good image captured,Smart Watch,43
15925,5,awesome purchase got in 16799,Smart Watch,29
15926,5,Nice DSLR to start with,Smart Watch,23
15927,5,good for entry level camera but not as good as accepted...,Smart Watch,58
15928,5,Outdoor photography results is good. Low light very poor,Smart Watch,56
15929,5,Nice camera in budget.,Smart Watch,22
15930,2,"Got this @14,500 in sale, very good product",Smart Watch,43
15931,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
15932,5,camera quality is very good.,Smart Watch,28
15933,5,Nice dslr for beginners.,Smart Watch,24
15934,3,nice,Smart Watch,4
15935,4,Good product for beginners..  I got this cam within 2days,Smart Watch,57
15936,5,this is a good product.love it,Smart Watch,30
15937,5,good product in this price range.,Smart Watch,33
15938,5,nice camera,Smart Watch,11
15939,4,Fabulousl..product........ 😘,Smart Watch,28
15940,5,Awesome product got it before expected delivery...,Smart Watch,50
15941,4,This is a amazing camera..,Smart Watch,26
15942,5,Awesome product thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,34
15943,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
15944,5,1.Best Budget camera 2.Battery backup is good 3.Image quality is good.( white balance is avarage ) ( Image sharpness is avarage) 4.Best for Beginners 5.Flipkart Delivery is good. 6.Perfect Packing Delivery,Smart Watch,205
15945,4,awesome products love you canon,Smart Watch,31
15946,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
15947,5,Excellent camera. Does all the work. WiFi is excellent. Photos transferred to iphone smoothly. Colour quality fantastic in manual and auto mode.,Smart Watch,144
15948,5,amazing camera quality.....but lense z not usable for wild life photography... zooming power is too short,Smart Watch,105
15949,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
15950,4,For learner it's a good DSLR,Smart Watch,28
15951,4,good camera... but for indoor shoot it's not good,Smart Watch,49
15952,5,its just my budget awsm dslr,Smart Watch,28
15953,4,good,Smart Watch,4
15954,5,dilever time to longer and product serial no mistake in tex invoice,Smart Watch,67
15955,2,great product,Smart Watch,13
15956,5,"Got if just for 19,990 along with a moto pulse escape. To say it's the best deal I have ever got in my life. The camera is just amazing at 20k price range. I would just say GO FOR IT if you are a beginner",Smart Watch,204
15957,3,Nice camera for the beginners ..,Smart Watch,32
15958,5,Thank Q. I recived it in time and good one.but we brought for our personal use and we need demo wher should we go,Smart Watch,113
15959,5,"Image quality isn't so great, rendering grainy images even at low iso, too slow auto focus and low battery with stand time",Smart Watch,122
15960,3,nice product and on time delivery by flipkart thank u . packed well,Smart Watch,67
15961,3,"Worst product for those who prefers video recording,they haven't mentioned it in description also,even the display size is less than the lower model 1300.it is simply waste. Better to go with some products of nikon.",Smart Watch,215
15962,5,MEMORY CARD NOT RECEIVED,Smart Watch,24
15963,5,1500d is batter than 3000d i have expressed both 1500d have batter functions than 3000 before buy compare led size auto open flash and one click on and off option awailable,Smart Watch,172
15964,5,"One of the best DSLR cameras for the beginners although I don't know much about photography took this camera as it was there in incredible deal of 20,000. The camera has no built in flash you have to buy a seperate flasher from the market or from Flipkart. The packing and the delivery from flipkart was smooth.",Smart Watch,311
15965,4,"Very low resolution, it's not useful",Smart Watch,36
15966,3,Very poor quality,Smart Watch,17
15967,5,"Worst... Just for beginners who wants learning photography, 🤘",Smart Watch,61
15968,1,It's not supporting memory card I have changed so many memory cards but nothing is supporting and two times pick master have denied to take back the product saying that the serial numbers of the product is showing invalid in his device,Smart Watch,235
15969,1,Good. Not bed. Better for beginners,Smart Watch,35
15970,5,Nice product....❤️📸,Smart Watch,19
15971,4,my first DSLR camera good camera 17249 purchased for cost 😍 Awesome the beginner,Smart Watch,80
15972,1,Very nice camera 📸,Smart Watch,18
15973,1,"Very Worst Failure Model of Canon not worth for money , choose another model , quality of pic is not nice and features are less",Smart Watch,127
15974,1,For the beginners this is best camera,Smart Watch,37
15975,1,"Using 1300d earlier Almost same picture quality But the display is not good,capture photo and transfer it to your phone and than see the clarity When you see the photo through the camera display,it doesn't feels so good",Smart Watch,219
15976,4,very good camera in budget,Smart Watch,26
15977,5,Best choice for choosing canon EOS 3000D for Biggeners... I loved it...,Smart Watch,71
15978,5,good,Smart Watch,4
15979,5,this camera is awesome and I am very happy with this product and I used 18-55 kit lens thanks to flipcart,Smart Watch,105
15980,1,awesome camera...... I love this,Smart Watch,32
15981,4,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
15982,5,Just Great.... Delivery is too fast... Apart from no flash button and no I piece wheel everything is OK. Image quality is as good as other crop sensor DSLR,Smart Watch,155
15983,5,I am happy,Smart Watch,10
15984,5,good...😊,Smart Watch,8
15985,5,satisfied 😊,Smart Watch,11
15986,5,superb product and delevired by flp crt.,Smart Watch,40
15987,5,awsome product,Smart Watch,14
15988,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
15989,4,"awsome camera, photo calarity nice similar to 1300d as no change",Smart Watch,64
15990,5,It is very useful to beginners,Smart Watch,30
15991,4,amazing,Smart Watch,7
15992,5,USB cable and slot is not available,Smart Watch,35
15993,5,camra quality,Smart Watch,13
15994,5,camera is good but the headset which they provided was 2 year older.. i went for this camera because of that moto headset only.. finally i got old which seems less durable.. i should have went for 1500d..😐😐😐 waste of 1000 rupees extra for tat headset,Smart Watch,250
15995,5,It's not use for studio photography. because its not suitable for external flash or trigger. I am very upsetting.,Smart Watch,113
15996,5,Bad quality for this camera and not viedo shoot best,Smart Watch,52
15997,5,worst lens 18-55 picture not blur it's a passport pic DSLR not satisfied,Smart Watch,72
15998,4,"Overall product is good. Light weight, easy to handle. The only issue is, in description. They said there is 30x optical zoom whereas it only zoom upto 3x with 18-55mm lens, so it is my humble request to FLIPKART sales team to review the description once on their end before putting it on website.",Smart Watch,297
15999,2,"good product with reasonable price, Best product for beginners however image quality is Morethan 4K with manual settings.",Smart Watch,121
16000,5,Not a good camera. Worst lenses,Smart Watch,31
16001,1,Nice pic,Smart Watch,8
16002,3,This is my first dslr camera 📷 All the Fun are good and a entry level budget cam..,Smart Watch,82
16003,1,Awesome 😊,Smart Watch,9
16004,5,Bag missing,Smart Watch,11
16005,4,Best camera for low price,Smart Watch,25
16006,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16007,5,Bad quality no refund,Smart Watch,21
16008,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
16009,5,Best DSLR FOR BEGINNERS,Smart Watch,23
16010,5,bad,Smart Watch,3
16011,1,It's very good for beginners but they didn't provide memory card. The picture and video are good.,Smart Watch,97
16012,5,Osm pic quality.. must buy,Smart Watch,26
16013,5,great camera price good 🥵 setisfy,Smart Watch,33
16014,1,It's good but the it doesn't provide memory card that the bad thing,Smart Watch,67
16015,5,Amazing quality and great delivery,Smart Watch,34
16016,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16017,1,Osm,Smart Watch,3
16018,5,Nic camera,Smart Watch,10
16019,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
16020,5,Good for beginners.,Smart Watch,19
16021,3,Great,Smart Watch,5
16022,5,Very good Camera,Smart Watch,16
16023,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16024,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16025,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
16026,4,Good. Not the best.. Auto Focusing time is more.. Photos are not beter than smart phone. Only for study purpose one can use it.,Smart Watch,127
16027,3,A very good experience A steady entry level camera Good photography Good videography with excellent audio record Manual mode is op..🔥,Smart Watch,133
16028,5,"fully satisfited , I am the beginner of dslr I feel really good, but it is not made for professional photographer .",Smart Watch,115
16029,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16030,5,overall ok . awesome camera.. But I didn't get the memory card and camera bag with the camera... should be given in my opinion,Smart Watch,126
16031,4,Good product,Smart Watch,12
16032,5,Good DSLR for beginners but need higher focul length lens to capture long distance picture.,Smart Watch,91
16033,3,Value for money 😀😀 Love it❤️❤️,Smart Watch,30
16034,5,Not good as 1500d,Smart Watch,17
16035,5,"Very good, but they should provide carry bag also",Smart Watch,49
16036,4,Nice camera 📸 i Love you canon,Smart Watch,30
16037,5,I am very happy of this dslr flipkart always send me good product ❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,74
16038,5,Great product Thankyou flipkart My 1st dslr 😝🤩,Smart Watch,46
16039,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16040,5,Pics superr but video not good more.then issues,Smart Watch,47
16041,2,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
16042,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
16043,5,My 1st dslr ..love it...,Smart Watch,24
16044,5,"Camera nice for beginners, need 55-250mm Lens for best quality pic. It's wifi facility working very nicely.",Smart Watch,107
16045,5,Best Camera... In low price.,Smart Watch,28
16046,5,Great 👍 Love it 😊,Smart Watch,17
16047,3,Excellent product in this price range. I love it,Smart Watch,48
16048,5,Good Photo,Smart Watch,10
16049,5,Value for money very nice product,Smart Watch,33
16050,5,Brilliant for beginners like me…,Smart Watch,32
16051,4,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
16052,5,Very good,Smart Watch,9
16053,5,Good quality and super model...thank you Flipkart,Smart Watch,49
16054,5,It's Super cam low price good quality i love it🥰,Smart Watch,48
16055,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16056,5,Waste less and useless also Flipkart did it itself for resolve issue,Smart Watch,68
16057,5,Thanks job,Smart Watch,10
16058,3,Super camara best DSLR,Smart Watch,22
16059,4,Very good product I am so happy message,Smart Watch,39
16060,5,Nice product 👍,Smart Watch,14
16061,5,Picture clarity is very poor.,Smart Watch,29
16062,5,"Great quality of picture...great price, thanks to Big Billion days offer...",Smart Watch,75
16063,1,Decent quality image. Great for beginners.,Smart Watch,42
16064,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
16065,5,My first DSLR camera thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,36
16066,5,Good!,Smart Watch,5
16067,4,Love this product❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️,Smart Watch,29
16068,1,I love it 😍😍,Smart Watch,12
16069,5,Its simple awesome i just love it😊😊😊😊😘😘,Smart Watch,39
16070,4,Nice camera good picture quality.,Smart Watch,33
16071,5,Good par on bag,Smart Watch,15
16072,5,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
16073,5,Nice product,Smart Watch,12
16074,5,Best camera Best canon camara Eos 3000,Smart Watch,38
16075,5,Bad Points :  😏 No Bags / Memory Card Given with the product 😒 Doesn't have port to connect mic 😐 Not suitable for Video recoding  Good Point :  😊 Picture quality is nice with this DSLR. 😍 Price is much less compared to other camera (purchased on BBD 2021),Smart Watch,256
16076,5,This camera is very cool and very good which i am very happy and the one who came to do jalebi was also very nice Nice,Smart Watch,118
16077,5,"Good product for the price, but increased recently. No bag, no memory card all freebies removed. Not easy to use upon receiving",Smart Watch,127
16078,2,Awsome products I am waiting to buy since from one year tnq flipkart for Big Billion day... Thank you🙏,Smart Watch,102
16079,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16080,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16081,5,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
16082,3,Saifurrahaman Nice DSLR wow,Smart Watch,27
16083,5,Best DSLR in entry level segment,Smart Watch,32
16084,3,Best quality.. full HD..,Smart Watch,24
16085,5,Good Qualities,Smart Watch,14
16086,5,Wow so nice 👌😎 canon camera and beautiful clearity for this camera thanks for filipcart good and best products thanks for filipcart and your team and best saller,Smart Watch,161
16087,4,Best DSLR for beginners with good price range.,Smart Watch,46
16088,5,Thank you flipkart,Smart Watch,18
16089,5,"Good product picture quality is great, good one for beginner",Smart Watch,60
16090,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16091,5,Very nice looking and quality,Smart Watch,29
16092,5,Very good. Just loving it. Clicked many pictures with the camera already 🤣,Smart Watch,74
16093,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
16094,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
16095,4,Nice Camera,Smart Watch,11
16096,5,Product was awesome but I didn't receive free 16GB SD card,Smart Watch,58
16097,5,Camera was perfect but I think price should be a little less.. Overall OK...,Smart Watch,76
16098,4,Good camera,Smart Watch,11
16099,5,Awesome 😎,Smart Watch,9
16100,5,Good Quality Worth of Money Starting Level user best camera,Smart Watch,59
16101,5,Worest site,Smart Watch,11
16102,5,Best for Begeniears,Smart Watch,19
16103,4,GOOD,Smart Watch,4
16104,3,Awesome,Smart Watch,7
16105,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
16106,5,Nice 👍,Smart Watch,6
16107,5,Best product at this price range,Smart Watch,32
16108,1,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Smart Watch,33
16109,4,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Smart Watch,39
16110,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
16111,5,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Smart Watch,30
16112,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Smart Watch,151
16113,4,Amazing results,Smart Watch,15
16114,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Smart Watch,72
16115,5,"Very nice product, as I am a fresher there are lots of things to do with this machine 😀",Smart Watch,87
16116,5,OK,Smart Watch,2
16117,1,Super quality..........,Smart Watch,23
16118,5,Cannon 3000D,Smart Watch,12
16119,5,Do not by the product the battery backup is very bad and camera was low blur and there Delivery was slow ahe bad services,Smart Watch,121
16120,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16121,1,Its product is very nice,Smart Watch,24
16122,5,Love the at this price point value form money product,Smart Watch,53
16123,3,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16124,5,For beginners it's too good,Smart Watch,27
16125,5,Nice camera photo is good battery backup is good,Smart Watch,48
16126,1,No 1 camara Canon EOS 3000D,Smart Watch,27
16127,5,Super value for money. Amazing deal. Highly recommended.,Smart Watch,56
16128,4,Picture quality is ok .,Smart Watch,23
16129,5,It's absolutely best for beginners,Smart Watch,34
16130,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16131,5,Love it,Smart Watch,7
16132,5,Just amazing battery backup 👌💯,Smart Watch,30
16133,5,Overall good DLS. Display panel could have been better,Smart Watch,54
16134,5,nice but lens will no clarity,Smart Watch,29
16135,3,DSLR quality photos 18 MP with CMOS sensor Memory card was not included.,Smart Watch,72
16136,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16137,5,Worst camera,Smart Watch,12
16138,4,Very bad 😑,Smart Watch,10
16139,5,Nice product in low budget,Smart Watch,26
16140,4,Osm camera I have purchased only 21499,Smart Watch,38
16141,2,Super camera,Smart Watch,12
16142,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
16143,4,Money is worthy..🔥,Smart Watch,18
16144,1,Good deal,Smart Watch,9
16145,1,Camera is good but seller has to provide memory card also,Smart Watch,57
16146,4,Nice Product..,Smart Watch,14
16147,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
16148,5,Worst experience,Smart Watch,16
16149,5,Quality is super I like very much,Smart Watch,33
16150,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16151,4,Best budget dslr ever... Awesome pictures quality.. Thank you flipkart... ❤canon❤,Smart Watch,81
16152,4,Camera is osm....,Smart Watch,17
16153,5,Most beautiful,Smart Watch,14
16154,5,Good for beginners.,Smart Watch,19
16155,1,Beginners camera point and shoot only manual settings are not accurate,Smart Watch,70
16156,5,Best for basic learner.,Smart Watch,23
16157,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
16158,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
16159,5,Good product and worthy by price..easy to handy as a beginner happy with camera features and picture quality🙂,Smart Watch,109
16160,5,Image Quality is bad,Smart Watch,20
16161,5,Photo quality is best in this price,Smart Watch,35
16162,3,Nice product 😍,Smart Watch,14
16163,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
16164,5,Excellent camera. Easy to operate.,Smart Watch,34
16165,5,No bag and memory car,Smart Watch,21
16166,4,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
16167,1,Is good working,Smart Watch,15
16168,4,Supper,Smart Watch,6
16169,5,23162 INR GOOD CAMERA. FOR BEGAIMER,Smart Watch,35
16170,5,Very nice camera,Smart Watch,16
16171,5,Best camera 👍,Smart Watch,13
16172,3,Best product but not included camera bag,Smart Watch,40
16173,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
16174,5,Camera is good for beginners and I have not received SD memory card slot .no attach memory you want to buy yourself. I have received camera for 20999 in offer but not memory card is not there,Smart Watch,191
16175,4,It’s a amazing product and easy to use budget dslr .the entire level Phorography camera,Smart Watch,87
16176,5,"Awesome purchase.. bought it for 19,999 in flipkart sale... Thanks to flipkart..",Smart Watch,80
16177,5,Wow nice 😍😍,Smart Watch,11
16178,5,Delivered in two days. Got it for 19999 in a deal. No bag and memory card in package as described by other users in reviews. Pics are decent and you can go for quality lens if the given lens are not satisfied. Pics in low light are not great and decent pics with natural day light.  Overall it's a nice camera with good price for beginners to start with and you can learn the tips from canon website or else from youtube.,Smart Watch,421
16179,5,Best dslr at this price segment amazing picture Collett Happy for it. But bag and memory Card was not included in box. It needs to be puchase sepratly. I bot this for 20000,Smart Watch,172
16180,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16181,4,Great,Smart Watch,5
16182,5,Veery good quality product best dslr in this price.,Smart Watch,51
16183,5,Worth for the money simply superb for the beginers,Smart Watch,50
16184,5,Super quality product 👍 and so valuable item. amazing,Smart Watch,53
16185,4,Excellent product,Smart Watch,17
16186,5,Nice camera value for money my review editing and without editing photo,Smart Watch,71
16187,5,Very nice 🙂,Smart Watch,11
16188,5,Good quality.. Canon... But in side no memory card,Smart Watch,50
16189,5,Nice camera for photography,Smart Watch,27
16190,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16191,5,Excellent product ❤️ it 😌,Smart Watch,25
16192,5,But the price is so high,Smart Watch,24
16193,5,Image quality is best 👍,Smart Watch,23
16194,5,Good light weight,Smart Watch,17
16195,5,Tq bro,Smart Watch,6
16196,5,Good product amazing product,Smart Watch,28
16197,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
16198,5,"Excellent camera, I am satisfied with Canon 3000",Smart Watch,48
16199,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
16200,5,One of the best budget dslr for freshers..,Smart Watch,42
16201,5,Camera is good but external flash not supporting to this model and mic option is not available,Smart Watch,94
16202,5,Quality is amazing And wonderful product And I am totally satisfy with the product,Smart Watch,82
16203,5,"Value for money,, better this price",Smart Watch,35
16204,5,Super products love you flipkart and Gadget store seller.,Smart Watch,57
16205,5,Quality is waste not good don't buy,Smart Watch,35
16206,4,I liked the product but price is more,Smart Watch,37
16207,5,Nice capturing 💪,Smart Watch,16
16208,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16209,5,Worst exp. With purchase ... Very bad seller  Kindly read reviews properly before buying ... Will elaborate my issue soon,Smart Watch,121
16210,4,Very good DSLR in this budget.,Smart Watch,30
16211,5,Good to have this kind of camera,Smart Watch,32
16212,1,Awesome product thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,31
16213,4,Superb !!,Smart Watch,9
16214,5,Rs@21700/- is best price ever..,Smart Watch,31
16215,4,Worsted product not working,Smart Watch,27
16216,1,Very low quality,Smart Watch,16
16217,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
16218,5,Just okay,Smart Watch,9
16219,5,For normal use or begginer If you want to use for normal/personal use than this is good I,Smart Watch,89
16220,5,Best dslr in low Price,Smart Watch,22
16221,5,Awesome camera,Smart Watch,14
16222,1,Good product,Smart Watch,12
16223,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
16224,5,Amazing,Smart Watch,7
16225,3,Super.,Smart Watch,6
16226,4,Good cemara,Smart Watch,11
16227,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
16228,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16229,5,Awesome👍,Smart Watch,8
16230,5,It's ok,Smart Watch,7
16231,5,Nice camera,Smart Watch,11
16232,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
16233,4,I love this camera it's osm👌👌,Smart Watch,29
16234,5,Really happy,Smart Watch,12
16235,5,Not bad,Smart Watch,7
16236,4,Wonderful product and dispatch on time.,Smart Watch,39
16237,2,Price range it's a beautiful camera in me thinking..,Smart Watch,52
16238,5,Some card issue if use card wiil dead,Smart Watch,37
16239,3,Very good product,Smart Watch,17
16240,5,It's osm product thanks to canon,Smart Watch,32
16241,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16242,4,Good one for beginners.,Smart Watch,23
16243,4,"Perfect at this price, just awesome. Recommended to all.",Smart Watch,56
16244,5,Good Camera,Smart Watch,11
16245,2,Its really good for beginners.,Smart Watch,30
16246,5,Osm recommended to buy😍😍😍😍😍,Smart Watch,27
16247,4,osam,Smart Watch,4
16248,5,Good quality camera,Smart Watch,19
16249,5,Best camera....superb prdct....clarity is also superb..,Smart Watch,55
16250,5,Nice buget dslr 👍👍,Smart Watch,18
16251,5,Very fast delivery .. i love it .. tqsm .❤️😘 ..,Smart Watch,47
16252,5,Basic level photography is awesome...,Smart Watch,37
16253,5,Besy buy please go for it,Smart Watch,25
16254,5,"Best camera for a beginner, But not for a professional photography📸📸",Smart Watch,68
16255,5,It's really cool must buy,Smart Watch,25
16256,5,Best,Smart Watch,4
16257,5,Awesome product for beginners👍👍👍👍👍,Smart Watch,34
16258,4,Nice picture quality,Smart Watch,20
16259,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
16260,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16261,3,Good quality 👌 Reach our expectations,Smart Watch,37
16262,5,Nice 👍👍👍,Smart Watch,8
16263,5,Super camera 📷. Pradumn kushwaha,Smart Watch,32
16264,5,Superb,Smart Watch,6
16265,5,Too good👍👍,Smart Watch,10
16266,5,Very nice,Smart Watch,9
16267,5,Nice to buy this DSLR. Not having the camera bag and usb cable in the box.,Smart Watch,74
16268,5,But sd card not available,Smart Watch,25
16269,5,superb product,Smart Watch,14
16270,5,Waste of money,Smart Watch,14
16271,5,Good product,Smart Watch,12
16272,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16273,4,"Actually I was feared before purchasing of this product. But after receiving, I am fully satisfied. Thanks to Flipkart got under 20k budget. Only thing, memory card, USB Cable & HDMI Cable are need to be purchased separately.",Smart Watch,225
16274,5,Good Camera but No memory card in the Box,Smart Watch,41
16275,4,"BEST PRODUCT , THANKS FLIPKART",Smart Watch,30
16276,5,Best Camera,Smart Watch,11
16277,1,Price is low but camera is AWESOME,Smart Watch,34
16278,5,Photo capture process is too slow,Smart Watch,33
16279,5,So satisfying with the product and delivery service was excellent. Thank you for your service 🙏❤,Smart Watch,96
16280,5,Many answered in reviews that bag and memory card will get with camera. I didn't get those. Otherwise this is a perfect purchase,Smart Watch,128
16281,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16282,5,Cool,Smart Watch,4
16283,5,Good product.,Smart Watch,13
16284,4,Best for beginners and value for money,Smart Watch,38
16285,3,Nice picture Nice product Nice camera,Smart Watch,37
16286,1,Good in this price range. With flash it's picture quality is awesome.,Smart Watch,69
16287,4,I brought this camera one week before but this image quality like normal mob photos.,Smart Watch,84
16288,5,Best for beginners see the pictures,Smart Watch,35
16289,4,Good budget dslr,Smart Watch,16
16290,4,Best 👍 camera used 20 days,Smart Watch,26
16291,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16292,5,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
16293,4,It's very cool and affordable . I gifted it it's very surprising 😃,Smart Watch,66
16294,2,Nice great product..,Smart Watch,20
16295,5,Nice👍,Smart Watch,5
16296,5,Dslr is good but not included. Usb cable. In this box No camera bag. And memery card not included. Also packing is very bad. I dont like this product all of all,Smart Watch,160
16297,5,Thanks flipkart for lovely deal,Smart Watch,31
16298,5,Product is amazing but no memorycard and addepter available in this box. camera quality is superb and all future are 👌👌 Only one memory card not available.,Smart Watch,155
16299,5,Awesome Products,Smart Watch,16
16300,4,Camera bag not Available. Memory card not Available. But camera quality worth.,Smart Watch,78
16301,5,Plastic quality is not so good And bag and sd car is not there with the camera,Smart Watch,78
16302,5,"No bag and memory card, I don't have enough time to cancel and reorder it.",Smart Watch,74
16303,3,nice,Smart Watch,4
16304,5,Very good product for beginner,Smart Watch,30
16305,5,There is no carry bag and no memory card,Smart Watch,40
16306,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16307,4,Canon eos3000d video playback audio is full muted sound problem audio is not working,Smart Watch,84
16308,3,Good item,Smart Watch,9
16309,3,Super good,Smart Watch,10
16310,4,Item was awesome,Smart Watch,16
16311,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16312,3,Good quality,Smart Watch,12
16313,4,Canon,Smart Watch,5
16314,2,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16315,5,Fantastic,Smart Watch,9
16316,3,Good,Smart Watch,4
16317,5,Bad quality worst of mony,Smart Watch,25
16318,5,Good cam,Smart Watch,8
16319,5,Excellent for beginners only one thing is that it comes without any memory card other wise superb,Smart Watch,97
16320,5,"Camera is Good, but i dint get Any memory card or carry bag, bit disappointed !",Smart Watch,79
16321,5,No battery 🔋bekup,Smart Watch,17
16322,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
16323,5,Great product ...,Smart Watch,17
16324,5,Nice 📷 👍✌,Smart Watch,9
16325,4,Nice pic,Smart Watch,8
16326,5,External flash light not working.. made blander mistake to buy.,Smart Watch,63
16327,4,Nice fast dilevery,Smart Watch,18
16328,2,Waste,Smart Watch,5
16329,5,Good camera for the average person,Smart Watch,34
16330,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
16331,5,Quality of photos are not worth...better to buy good camera phone or bettee qualt dslr,Smart Watch,86
16332,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16333,1,Just good,Smart Watch,9
16334,5,"This is the great DSLR, Dreams come true.",Smart Watch,41
16335,1,It's simply Amazing😍,Smart Watch,20
16336,5,This is worst camera. Please dont buy.,Smart Watch,38
16337,5,The battery was damaged.,Smart Watch,24
16338,3,Powerful thing. Just loved it. If you get under 25k don't think just buy.,Smart Watch,73
16339,5,Excellent,Smart Watch,9
16340,4,GOOD,Smart Watch,4
16341,5,Worth for money,Smart Watch,15
16342,5,Don't expect high level photos clarity and function Just a basic camera with average function and performance,Smart Watch,109
16343,1,I'm so happy to purchase this product 😍😍,Smart Watch,40
16344,2,Excellent camera,Smart Watch,16
16345,5,Good camera starting range DSLR Camera for beginners,Smart Watch,52
16346,5,Osm,Smart Watch,3
16347,5,Very good products,Smart Watch,18
16348,3,Awesome product,Smart Watch,15
16349,3,Very bad No external flash you will use until you buy canon costly flash for this product I already had a kodak flash which works with my every DSLR camera but for this product it is not useful,Smart Watch,193
16350,5,It was good,Smart Watch,11
16351,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16352,5,supar,Smart Watch,5
16353,5,Good,Smart Watch,4
16354,5,Amazing and beautiful,Smart Watch,21
16355,5,Super,Smart Watch,5
16356,1,Best low budget camera for beginners,Smart Watch,36
16357,5,Value for money,Smart Watch,15
16358,4,It's amazing product,Smart Watch,20
16359,5,Good product...,Smart Watch,15
16360,4,nice product check my yt channel names vishnu vinayak for unboxing and review,Smart Watch,77
16361,5,I like it,Smart Watch,9
16362,4,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16363,5,Low in range and at this rate best dslr it is,Smart Watch,45
16364,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16365,5,Best camera in the budget segment superb pics,Smart Watch,45
16366,4,Best,Smart Watch,4
16367,4,Amezing superb,Smart Watch,14
16368,5,"Nice camrera ,review after clicking 1000 pics in marriage...",Smart Watch,60
16369,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16370,4,Nice Camera 📷📷📷📷,Smart Watch,16
16371,5,Nice one. Price is little more.,Smart Watch,31
16372,5,Thanks flipkart,Smart Watch,15
16373,5,This is good product but add mic jack this is osam in budget dslr,Smart Watch,65
16374,5,Very Nice,Smart Watch,9
16375,4,It was the one of the best product for beginners I have learned many things from using it. Love these products 😍 thanks flipkart and canon...,Smart Watch,141
16376,5,Nice quality,Smart Watch,12
16377,3,It's a brand new product. Lens quality is not very good. Withing budget it's okay.,Smart Watch,82
16378,4,Good quality product and genuine product,Smart Watch,40
16379,4,Money worth. Excellent dslr for beginners,Smart Watch,41
16380,4,"Terrific! I got this for stop motion animation purposes and it does the job very well. The default lense is pretty decent for regular photoshoot, battery life is excellent, external connectivity is not straightforward in case of canon but it does have it perks! I'd say this one is pretty decent to get started, it's not bad at all.",Smart Watch,332
16381,5,Good entry level DSLR,Smart Watch,21
16382,5,It's ok,Smart Watch,7
16383,5,Product worthy for money and camera function good.  Image quality is good.Video record also easy .,Smart Watch,98
16384,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16385,5,This product quality is very poor,Smart Watch,33
16386,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16387,5,"Awasome camera under short price, good quality, I'm very happy with this product.",Smart Watch,81
16388,5,Nice,Smart Watch,4
16389,3,Superb dslr on this price range too much gud for beginners 🤗🤗🤗😎😎😎,Smart Watch,65
16390,5,Best DSLR for beginners...,Smart Watch,26
16391,4,Good,Smart Watch,4
16392,1,Wonderful purchase,Smart Watch,18
16393,5,Osm 💕💕 pic's... quality,Smart Watch,23
16394,5,Autofoqus is not working,Smart Watch,24
16395,5,Nice one,Smart Watch,8
16396,4,Worst performancr,Smart Watch,17
16397,5,Loved the camera. Worthit...!!!,Smart Watch,31
16398,5,Very bad product plz dont buy it.....,Smart Watch,37
16399,5,Good for who want to learn photography and dslr for the first time.,Smart Watch,67
16400,5,Awsome super DSLR camera,Smart Watch,24
16401,2,superr product on flipkart and the product is awesome for taking photos and videos,Smart Watch,82
16402,5,Super product,Smart Watch,13
16403,2,Good for general photography. Not for professionals. Very good for beginners.,Smart Watch,77
16404,5,Awesome gadget for beginners...,Smart Watch,31
16405,1,Nice person speed divlery,Smart Watch,25
16406,4,Best quality pic,Smart Watch,16
16407,5,Osm pic,Smart Watch,7
16408,5,Nice product ❤️❤️,Smart Watch,17
16409,5,Its entry level camera images are just good,Smart Watch,43
16410,4,Good Quality camera.,Smart Watch,20
16411,5,Best quality and best price 👌,Smart Watch,29
16412,5,Good camera❤️,Smart Watch,13
16413,3,Warking nice product,Smart Watch,20
16414,3,Supper,Smart Watch,6
16415,5,Well Reviewing this after using for almost one month. I would prefer for the beginner photography. Simple without any complexity. It's best if you learn to use it at Manual mode,Smart Watch,177
16416,3,Worth more than the amount. Best DSLR for a good beginner. Friendly camera. Love it. ❤️ Extremely good with canon 50mm f1.8 STM lens.,Smart Watch,133
16417,4,product really great . I am totally sctified this product .really good camera for beggner .but flash button was missing that is not good .and capture is 18 mp wasn't good I was hopeed it will be 24 mp . it is also missing .n everything is good .,Smart Watch,245
16418,5,The camera simply awesome..and it is a best budget DSLR and begginer DSLR for first time user...auto focus mode works good in daylight,Smart Watch,134
16419,5,Satisfied with the product.. Its a really good for all who wants to learn photography its a gem and love.... Go for itt....10/10,Smart Watch,128
16420,5,"product is very good and build quality also , special thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery , best camera for starters , it captures best quality photos",Smart Watch,151
16421,5,Best in price segment. If you have skill this entry level dslr can do much better result. Just Dont expect much.,Smart Watch,112
16422,5,Awsm . I'm not a professional but using of li'l bit xperience must say that best Dslr in a best budget.perfect for a beginners.image quality is too good.thanx to Canon thanx to Flipkart & also thanx to Ecom xpress for perfect delivery.,Printers,235
16423,5,Verry Nice and for My Opinion is great camera For this Price Range. I love it my first DSLR...! 👍 Lot of Experiments Is easy with This DSLR .😎,Printers,142
16424,5,excellent dslr and get a free moto headset worth 6500 I am happy,Printers,64
16425,4,"Camera is good for beginner. But not getting that much high quality pics from this camera or lens. So I order canon 50mm just after my 1st vacation, when I was not satisfied with the quality.. Check you tube regarding the comparison of 18mm and 50mm lens. If you want to buy camera than only kit lens is not just you want from your pics. You have to upgrade with any prime lens,whether it's 50mm or 55-250mm. Thanks",Printers,415
16426,3,everything is perfect And specially the packaging it was so good .. When it arrived I got surprised because of the carry case I didn't expected that .. thank you so much Flipkart,Printers,178
16427,5,"My first DSLR. good one for beginners. easy to use. worth for money. and as always, super fast delivery by Flipkart. loved it",Printers,125
16428,4,Camera doesn't matter if you have skill you still click photos like this and lences also define your clicks but if you don't have budget then this camera is for you it is best camera for learning Photography but if you have a little more budget then try to buy at least 1300d or 1500d theses are not great cameras but better then 3000d,Printers,335
16429,5,"good camera n it's my first DSLR I loved it. But delivery took so long. I got camera bag, camera and lense, 16gb card, batter with charger lense cap and carry strap. good camera for beginners.",Printers,192
16430,5,it's clearly evident that's it not a high budget camera. but it's best for everyone looking for a Pocket friendly dslr. specifically for college students and for domestic use.,Printers,175
16431,5,I was planning to buy Dslr for long time. it's really good camera for beginners level photography and of course if any one have ability to shoot good quality photos may take easily with it. Delivery is very fast. Thanks flipkart for providing low cost pocket friendly opportunity on big billion day sale offer.,Printers,310
16432,4,AWESOME DSLR AT THIS PRICE. I HAD A DREAM TO BUY A DSLR .THE MOMENT I BOUGHT THIS DSLR MY DREAM HAS TOTALLY FULLFIL. WAIT LISTEN🙏. TO BE HONEST IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT TO START YOUR OWN BLOG OR ANY KIND OF YOUTUBE CONTENT THEN PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO BUY DSLR FOR PHOTOSHOT THEN JUST GO FOR IT. AT ANY POINT OF TIME IF YOU THINK THAT YOU NEED MORE QUALITY IN PHOTOS YOU CAN EASILY ADD LENS❤️. THANK YOU.,Printers,425
16433,5,Its a wonderful camera for the beginners. Those who have passion in photography and love to shoot its a good choice for them. Trust Canon !,Printers,139
16434,5,Excellent for someone who is new into photography..it gives you flexibility to try out a lots of manual settings just like any expensive dslr..even with kit lens you can click wonderful pictures...Clarity is not that great...For better clarity go for an expensive dslr,Printers,268
16435,5,Good one Best for beginner photographs Not recommend for videography because it is not good for videography or vloging porpes it is heavy and bulky. So if you're priority is photography it's a nice and value for money product.,Printers,226
16436,4,Best DSLR in this price range and if you are a beginner then you should buy it . And this is canon. Entry level camera in this price range i bought at 20k and know current price is 27k around i am happy to grap under 21k . Its just amazing just buy it you will not regret. Microshot is working perfectly.,Printers,304
16437,5,All over great camera nice quality of pictures i took and auto focus mode is work just awesome,Printers,94
16438,5,"Worth Buying ... Superb !! Loved it !! Bulit quality is lil disappointed if we are careful it's ok,overall can fully satisfy in dis price ...",Printers,141
16439,5,"-Trusted seller with genuine product as shown in the image,from these seller one plus point is you can buy a cheapest dslr online in offer time. -Nice product in this price segment I bought this camera in big billion sale at cheap price,I am sharing some pictures capture with 3000D with 18-55 kit lense. -Its good for biginners. -Easy to use camera. - Switch to any mode it's 'ON' and for switch 'Off' there is a mode on same dial.",Printers,432
16440,5,The product is awesome for a beginner in the photography world it's preety good in this price range I have been using it since 1 week and I personally recommend to go with it by closing your eyes.,Printers,196
16441,4,The product is very good But if I take another lens of 55-250mm lens Then it's amazing so take it for photography And it's best for beginners,Printers,141
16442,5,Great product. worth of price.. Thanks flipkart for delivering it in 3 days.. I love it... My first DSLR,Printers,104
16443,5,"Just bought it on the offer period for 16800, the product is well worth for the price I believe... this is my first dslr so I think I may be exaggerating , but its a good buy. Visually, the build quality has a premium quality , the quality of the images are good, rich and vibrant, although there is considerable amount of noise in them especially in artificial lighting conditions, buy a prime lens if you want the best quality photos from this one... the buttons are tactile but the screen is be...",Printers,500
16444,5,"it's a good DSLR to own if u are not a pro and looking for entry level DSLR. This camera comes with 16GB card, and 18-55 lense kit. Then buy separate Fixed Focus Lense for close-ups. This will b a perfect Device then. wifi connection allows u to connect it directly to ur PC or Mobile. Easy to use user interface. strong and sturdy body. battery backup is good.",Printers,361
16445,5,Excellent piece of product for simple usage and can take nice shots of closer locations. Zoom option is not up to the mark and works like any other DC. Faced difficulties capturing a still image of moving objects.,Printers,213
16446,5,"It's a great deal, images are good, go for it, nice camera for beginners,images videos were amazing, if your budget was less then 30k then go for it don't think to much, I personally liked it. Thanku flipkart for this and for 1 day delivery.",Printers,241
16447,4,"Guys please check the charger and battery when you receive the product. Fortunately my charger is not working fine, I gave it(charger) at canon service center for replacement. if the battery is not working we need pay the money from our pocket and that too we haven't check within ten days...  please use as early as possible one received the product....  One more important thing for any replacement is also take more time...",Printers,426
16448,4,"A decent entry level DSLR. Very glad that it was bundled with a carry case.  The lens is decent for beginner level and some advanced level photography.  For the price I bought it, I can not say how glad I am.",Printers,208
16449,5,"Superb product at great price! The class of image which a true blue DSLR can give you is unmatched by even a top end mobile camera. This model is so good, gives the full feel of a heavy duty DSLR while being light on the pocket. The complimentary memory card and camera bag were a welcome bonus, the bag is of good quality. When you hold a Canon camera, you have the assurance and confidence of a top notch product.",Printers,415
16450,5,"Best camera ever. It's my first DSlr, never a disappointed. If you beginner that's have you. Go for it And just click result is awesome. Love you flipkart and love you very much nikon❤️",Printers,185
16451,5,this is the best DSLR for beginer the price is the best DSLR best for the beginer I am really happy for this camera,Printers,115
16452,3,Nyc osm fantastic Fabulous pictures quality ls vary vary good in this price range I m gone for 5 star thank you flipkart thank you so much for this camera,Printers,154
16453,5,By my side nice dslr in short range facilities and perfection is very gud. this is not for professional camera bt its img quality like pro.. tnx,Printers,144
16454,5,if you want a good video recording and good full HD pictures so you have to try some other DSLR otherwise it is good for simple use.,Printers,132
16455,5,"I purchased this as my first DSLR. Still, I am learning. Mostly I am using auto mode only, and use manual mode occasionally. I got very good photos of my car to be posted on CarSangrah. It helped me getting good response.",Printers,221
16456,5,"I purchased this last in the month of October after using roughly almost 7-8 months I can say this camera is a gem for beginners and for pro guys you'll not dissatisfied with the quality of camera , image capture quality. good battery backup high quality lense high quality cables even carry case is also good yeah bag looks little old fashioned but who cares about the bag when you have very decent camera at this price range",Printers,426
16457,5,camera is good but if u are new to use it I would recommend that go for device having LCD screen it will be easy to use. other wise product is good at this price.,Printers,162
16458,4,awsome product and super fast delivery by ekart and the packing of the product was also good...thanks flipkart for ur super fast service,Printers,136
16459,5,A full featured DSLR with a good quality image sensor. It has all the features that are required for a mid level amateur. In skilled hands it is an awesome tool.,Printers,161
16460,5,As like always Canon is perfect in all manner.. super pick by this price range. loved it,Printers,88
16461,3,"Very good camera, the blurr effect works properly here. A good one for new photographers. The camera is having ES mode also.",Printers,124
16462,4,"Guys, I have been using this DSL for almost 2 months, Image quality is very good in good lighting conditions, much better than our mobile phone cameras and indoor performance also good with flash but you can't use it without flash in low lighting condition.  Pros - Decent image quality for this price range. Decent battery life to take 600 photos in single charger. Wi-Fi function with canon app to download photos to smartphone easily.  Cons Fully Auto mode could have been better. On/off ...",Printers,494
16463,5,amazing camera @ such price Range Display pixel is low but clearity in images we seen in mob laptops etc _ Best Camera Recommended for New users Better than my Nikkon D3400,Printers,172
16464,5,this camer is the perfect one in this because range for photography although it has okay kind video feature but beyon that its perfect for a beginners...it can shoot in raw...which i qs not expecting n evething is so simple to understand in this...im perfectly statisfied with camera .?,Printers,286
16465,5,Nice decent camera. worth every penny. got it for 19k during but billon day. lightweight. WiFi enabled: camera connect app Iain Google pay should be installed to use also can use mobile as remote for taking pictures when connected through WiFi.,Printers,244
16466,5,"Terrific purchase.. I would like say before judging this product on the basis of looks and picture posted by others for this product won't give much exposure. For whom just want to buy a dslr I would say better get some knowledge about DSLR first how to operate it like what is aperture, focal length and shutter speed. Once you have this knowledge you can do anything and everything about photography with this product.",Printers,420
16467,5,I thin it was awesome.... I liked very much...... I am a beginner..... I really like my camera EOS 3000D..... NICE Pic clarity...... Lite wait..... Simple functioning..... I like very much.....,Printers,193
16468,5,Entry level DSLR. If the usage is only for family and trips then its for you. worth the price. capturing photos when screen is on is lagging but works perfect when shot with view finder. Build quality is good,Printers,208
16469,4,product is good nice product in best budget battery backup is not good i didnt like the batery i m going to change the battery it offs suddenly even in a full charge,Printers,165
16470,4,what to say. just the best cam for amature photography enthusiasts. I mostly use it as point and shoot during family functions and spl occasions. works superb. it's pretty fast in taking pics in auto mode and offers all the basic modes as in most cameras but with exceptional picture clarity. just go for it if you are looking for cheap camera and professional quality photos. there is hardly any other camera in the market that offers the same value for money.,Printers,461
16471,4,"thks for fk for gud deal offer. thks to seller for timely despatch and safe packing. it's a gud deal for this money, gud for beginners. I gifted it for my dad.",Printers,159
16472,5,nice but little old lens. good for entry level. if you got extra bucks go for a better model.,Printers,93
16473,5,"Wow what an excellent product i'm so lucky to bought this camera is very less price and its working superbly, i recommend to all who want to try DSLR in beginning level, this camera giving you all what you want at initial level.. Thank you flipkart and Canon",Printers,258
16474,5,"Best Entry Level DSLR in this range. My first DSLR. Loved It. Good delivery, thank you Flipkart !",Printers,97
16475,4,"Nice Camera in Great Price, Good for photo passionate",Printers,53
16476,3,its the best DSLR in the price range of below 20k .its a basic model..so don't expect more..but yes its far better than point to zoom cams......doesn't have good zoo.... could have been better...I purchased for 18990/- on big billion day sale...till now I m in learning mode...I m just exploring all the options,Printers,311
16477,5,thanks ekart to deliver 1 day before . thanks to flipkart to shipped at time . And deliver good product no any issue . when open cannon . picture quality is good . this is for new comer on photography . Image quality is good .,Printers,226
16478,5,Camera is very good to take pictures and easy to handle. I am facing only problem of focus. If rotate the zoom to take close photo then it is not clear. May be i am not aware to set properly zoom. Otherwise in open area this is very good. Even can take photos of hills and from long distance.,Printers,292
16479,4,Since this is my first DSLR so I give it 4 stars (after using it for a day) as I don't have anything to compare it with. But this has got all the features that a begginer can think of. Though an Auto Flash and a Metal Lens Mount (metal being more durable) could have added the fifth star to my rating. Picture quality is good considering 18 MP camera you can't expect more. Upgrade the lens if you want to have a better experience. I am not much worried about the video quality as I bought this fo...,Printers,500
16480,5,"Amazing camera for beginners. It really allows you to learn basics of photography like shutter speed, iso, aperture etc. I recommend every beginner to first learn how to use this one thoroughly and then move on to professional level cameras like 80D or 5D.",Printers,256
16481,4,Good one for a beginner.. Functionality is really good and worth the price. Loving it actually! but there should have been a cap for the display. That would make it perfect.,Printers,173
16482,5,excellent product and fast delivery by Flipkart. found very good and offer provided was a very good deal for beginners. already 1 month over and all working in good way. original product.,Printers,187
16483,5,it's awesome gift... always thnkful papa..I feel very happy .. it's good working...and very clean photo..,Printers,105
16484,5,Very Good Result But Not For Photographer in Studio Use . Studio Light Triger Nit Supported But Family Use Best Camera Under 25 k,Printers,129
16485,4,Good quality product for the price. Photo quality is commendable and iinbuilt wifi is an advantage as it can be used to wirelessly use camera for capture and data transfer. Even the video quality is very nice at1080p.,Printers,217
16486,4,awesome product very good . thank you flipkart for awesome discount,Printers,67
16487,5,"Happy with the product and quality of the image is also awesome for the beginners.., got free wireless head phone.. thanks 😃",Printers,124
16488,4,Product worth for money. nice clarity and amazing snaps,Printers,55
16489,5,"I have used many of my friends' dslrs to do some photography, and now, since I had to buy one of my own, being a newbie I went for this and boy o boy this camera is brilliant!  for a beginner this wouldnt have hot any better. am completely satisfied with this purchase for I have bought it during BBD'18 and at a jaw dropping prove of 17k. yeah!  thanks Flipkart!",Printers,363
16490,4,value for money good for beginners but to different to use as it have less buttons,Printers,82
16491,5,awesome 🤗🤗🤗,Printers,11
16492,5,awsome Dslr camera,Printers,18
16493,5,awesome for beginners😎,Printers,22
16494,5,Value for money,Printers,15
16495,5,good product.....easy to use......fast delivery........love this one.,Printers,69
16496,5,Budget DSLR for beginner...,Printers,27
16497,4,awesome purchase 😘😘,Printers,19
16498,5,just amazing for a beginner.. a fantastic camera to learn photography,Printers,69
16499,5,good for beginners..u can see the picture quality...,Printers,52
16500,5,"best handy camera for beginners, nice packaging and i recieved the delivery than the actual date given by the flipkart😍",Printers,119
16501,5,hasam guys let's try,Printers,20
16502,5,"good product...best for beginners and price range is so good.... built quality is not so good the lens mount is built with polycarbonat, so if u use a high weight lens it may damage the body..  i add some sample pic ...lets see...",Printers,230
16503,4,very good camera for general photography.,Printers,41
16504,5,nice camera,Printers,11
16505,4,Good for begginers!!,Printers,20
16506,4,Really good one for beginners.,Printers,30
16507,5,supper,Printers,6
16508,4,Best camera for beginners ... Thanks Flipkart ♥️,Printers,48
16509,4,"According to this price, the camera is really awsome. The picture quality is really great. Worth of money",Printers,105
16510,5,this price good products,Printers,24
16511,5,good camera,Printers,11
16512,5,nice camera..,Printers,13
16513,5,Best for beginners...,Printers,21
16514,5,Very good camera. I love this camera 🥳💕,Printers,39
16515,5,awesome product. Got it at an unbelievable price Rs15300. Happy with performance. You just need to shovel over Lightroom/photoshop a bit to create artistry,Printers,155
16516,5,Fast delivery.... Everything is fine... Loved it😍😍😍,Printers,51
16517,5,great..,Printers,7
16518,4,super product..,Printers,15
16519,5,Nice Camera pic quality is good.,Printers,32
16520,5,killer product in this price,Printers,28
16521,5,"awesome features...i gifted it to my hubby he is very happy.nice packaging,too good in such a price.perfect for personal use....",Printers,128
16522,5,Really nice ...its awesome camera for beginners,Printers,47
16523,5,this is real good gear for the begginers m adding few photos which has been taken with kit lense and also with canon 50mm prime lense this should be lil more weighty as this is very light in wait which can be the reason of lil shaky pics,Printers,237
16524,5,best product and satisfied,Printers,26
16525,5,For beginners good camera.,Printers,26
16526,5,Nice Camera.....,Printers,16
16527,5,Camera is good as expected at this price.. Thanks flipkart for fast delivery..,Printers,78
16528,5,Best dslr in this price❤️😍🔥🔥 Just go for it🔥,Printers,44
16529,5,nyc quality,Printers,11
16530,5,nice 👌👌👌,Printers,8
16531,5,Best DSLR in this price👌🏻👌🏻,Printers,27
16532,4,awsome product......😍😍😍😍😍,Printers,25
16533,5,Several functions are not available and body quality is too bad. Better go for 1500d..,Printers,86
16534,5,nice camera,Printers,11
16535,5,Good camera.. And good quality... Best for.. Photo and also videos..,Printers,68
16536,3,it's really canon dslr camera super super HD photo,Printers,50
16537,5,nice pic,Printers,8
16538,5,good value for money,Printers,20
16539,5,Spr product,Printers,11
16540,3,excellent ❣️❣️,Printers,14
16541,5,good one for beginners,Printers,22
16542,3,good.,Printers,5
16543,5,My first dslr camara osm,Printers,24
16544,5,nice👌👌👌,Printers,7
16545,4,nice product,Printers,12
16546,5,This is very good for now ...but any one know how much sutter click have it...,Printers,78
16547,5,nice camera.my first DSLR.very happy with it,Printers,44
16548,5,Amazing product and super fast delivery 😍really happy.. Thank you flipkart!,Printers,75
16549,5,entry level camera 3000 d best camera good quality,Printers,50
16550,4,excellent,Printers,9
16551,5,"amazing product for beginnen photographer, canon is always best and better than other Dslrs.amazing video shoot on this dslr.",Printers,125
16552,5,nice,Printers,4
16553,5,Awesome Camera With Superb Picture Quality at This Reasonable Price..,Printers,69
16554,5,it's my 1st camera and it's just awesome,Printers,40
16555,4,super image quality,Printers,19
16556,4,best for beginners,Printers,18
16557,5,parfect time delivery and nice picture entry level cemera.,Printers,58
16558,5,canon eos3000d is for beginners. Good image qulity and good battery backup. if you starting photography it's good for you.,Printers,122
16559,5,great cam for beginners...,Printers,26
16560,5,"Nice camera..... Good design,soft working..... Great camera",Printers,59
16561,5,Just awesome,Printers,12
16562,4,Great camera for beginners. Really very nice product in such price. Best entry level DSLR.,Printers,90
16563,5,"Very good camera, Loved it ?",Printers,28
16564,5,"Mind blowing purchase. I got this at 15299/- after discount in big billon day. The camera is awesome in photo quality. And one more thing I wanted to say, there are somany reviews and videos on youtube sayibg this 3000D build quality is plastic.. But belive me you don't feel this is plastic. Very descent build quality. You can go for this. And for lens mount it's not metal but it's very strong.",Printers,397
16565,5,Got it yesterday. Working fine till now. Flipkart delivery is awesome.,Printers,70
16566,4,All most good packed is also good,Printers,33
16567,5,"Value for money, worth buying... 🖤",Printers,34
16568,5,Best for beginners....,Printers,22
16569,5,Very good camera in this range biginners go for it,Printers,50
16570,5,This is my 1st camera and I just love it.,Printers,41
16571,5,Good budject camera for bigners. All good other the body material. Its is plastic body. So need to take care..,Printers,110
16572,4,fantastic camera😘😘😘,Printers,19
16573,5,"I didnt know much about these DSLR s before owning this, I would suggest to buy a touch screen model by spending a little more. And always buy with bundled lens offer else it would cost a lot more to buy the 55/250 lens separately. The 18/55 lens which comes along is pretty basic.",Printers,281
16574,4,superb,Printers,6
16575,4,If you are about to buy your first camera then go for it blindly. It is the best device for beginners.,Printers,102
16576,5,Awsone product..loved it.. Entry level dslr camera...best for the price...,Printers,74
16577,5,Good for beginners & I got it for 22k during offers with free Motorola pulse Bluetooth headset,Printers,94
16578,4,Really good for beginners just like me.,Printers,39
16579,4,BEST CAMERA FOR PHOTO SHOOT AND VIDEO RECORDING 👇👇👇,Printers,51
16580,4,awesome dslr but it's Very hard and difficult to focus and click pictures at free will during night time and low light conditions,Printers,129
16581,5,Nice dslr my first dslr the best dslr osm,Printers,41
16582,5,best for beginners....,Printers,22
16583,5,I love canon 3000D,Printers,18
16584,5,Best Camera for beginners,Printers,25
16585,5,I am first time DSLR'er. Felt like what I needed right now. Loved it.,Printers,69
16586,5,Very Very good camera. I am satisfied.,Printers,38
16587,5,super for beginners 🥰,Printers,21
16588,3,Excellent product💞,Printers,18
16589,5,These are simply owesome for the beginners. I bought it at Rs.20990 n i totally loved it. And i thank flipkart for delivering in time.,Printers,134
16590,5,good for short distance because 18-55mm lens not clear blur far object so this camera is good blur to near object,Printers,113
16591,5,awsome,Printers,6
16592,4,best for beginners,Printers,18
16593,5,"Only one word... EXCELLENT!!!  One of the best DSLR Camera to buy for Beginners. CANON, never comprimise the quality and standards.  Thanks CANON!",Printers,146
16594,4,used 3000 D and lens used 70 300,Printers,32
16595,5,So nice,Printers,7
16596,5,Great camera for beginners,Printers,26
16597,4,nice product.love it😃,Printers,21
16598,5,If you are just a beginner and want a good product to to try out with all the settings. Capture some best images. go for it,Printers,123
16599,5,Best Camera till now for personal use and for travellers. .,Printers,59
16600,5,very good cam low price,Printers,23
16601,5,Good for beginners ??,Printers,21
16602,5,best entry level camera,Printers,23
16603,3,super this price,Printers,16
16604,4,Great camera at very affordable pricing. Just loved it👍👍,Printers,56
16605,5,nice one 😍,Printers,10
16606,5,Superb Dslr Camera... 😍,Printers,23
16607,3,an excellent DSLR with low price,Printers,32
16608,5,NYC camera for beginners.....and delivery boy behavior was very gentle....thanks Flipkart,Printers,89
16609,5,I love camera 3000D very nice,Printers,29
16610,5,For beginner its great option. I got this less than 17k. And i am sure no body can give this kind of deal on this camer. Thank you so much Flipkart,Printers,147
16611,5,nice product,Printers,12
16612,5,Excellent camera .,Printers,18
16613,5,Picture quality is awesome and it's the best choice for beginners,Printers,65
16614,5,seller lot of times cancelled my return request it's not detecting memory card don't trust my money was gone totally disappointed my self am foolish worst product Canon 3000d,Printers,174
16615,4,nice camera good for entry level.... worth it.,Printers,46
16616,5,good camera,Printers,11
16617,5,nice,Printers,4
16618,5,awesome,Printers,7
16619,5,Good for beginners. Image quality and features are good.,Printers,56
16620,5,Great cheating by flipkart,Printers,26
16621,1,Excellent 😊,Printers,11
16622,4,Lovely camera 😍,Printers,15
16623,5,worth it,Printers,8
16624,5,Good product at low cost. better than a mobile camera. U can buy it instead of using mobile camera.,Printers,99
16625,5,Bst for beginners Got this dslr only 18k on offer price Jst amazing,Printers,67
16626,4,Nice product.....image quality is really good,Printers,45
16627,1,excellent for basic photography,Printers,31
16628,5,Nice product thanks flipkard ❤️nice,Printers,35
16629,5,good camera for beginners and also easy to use image quality is nice,Printers,68
16630,4,some feature missing. like remote pc connect not available. but good camera. I got 1 year and 8 months warranty.,Printers,112
16631,5,"Awsm camera , light weight , easy to operate , Wifi function is great .. Tnx Flipkart 😊",Printers,87
16632,5,Cheap and best. If you want more at this price then u r a fool. Best for the begginers,Printers,86
16633,4,best DSLR canon EOS 3000,Printers,24
16634,5,awesome picture quality .. I'm so happy,Printers,39
16635,5,"best camera in this price range, for beginners",Printers,46
16636,5,best DSLR,Printers,9
16637,4,First of all I should had to go in Amazon. USB port not working. Return/exchange policy is very bad. Me and my family were doing shopping minimum 15k monthly shopping here which need be stop now onward.,Printers,202
16638,5,NIC CAMERA BUT I HAVE H PROBLEM IN BAG QUALITY | its quality look like 3 class quality,Printers,86
16639,5,image quality is good....and easy to use,Printers,40
16640,5,v.good for beginners.. worth it as its price..,Printers,46
16641,5,good product,Printers,12
16642,5,It's good for beginners ❤,Printers,25
16643,5,Pretty good for beginners you can learn how to switch auto ro manuals. Kit lens 18-55mm is not impressive . No chance with macro photography. For more info Check my page on instagram @shoot_at_sight.3000d,Printers,204
16644,1,Amazing Camera,Printers,14
16645,5,"This is not a camera, It's a Killer of all camera, superb, best in market",Printers,73
16646,4,nice prfomence camera,Printers,21
16647,5,nyc product for beginners photography and this price main awesome product ye single kit lens ke shot h,Printers,102
16648,4,Good camera,Printers,11
16649,5,Basic functionalities are good enough for a beginner to learn. It struggles a bit under low light conditions with the kit lens. Images produced are colour accurate.,Printers,164
16650,3,Nice camera for beginners but have to change lence if u want take long shots....,Printers,80
16651,5,nice images & my fast canon 3000d osama image,Printers,45
16652,5,"A great entry level DSLR, having almost all the features like other EOS models . Love it.",Printers,89
16653,5,value for money add a lense of 55-250 u will get awesome results these pics are clicked by 18-55 kit lense,Printers,106
16654,5,very good products..time to time delivery..,Printers,43
16655,5,My first camera..... Osm camera..,Printers,33
16656,4,Satisfied,Printers,9
16657,5,Pleased with the product. It's only drawback is that it doesn't have a separate on-off button.,Printers,94
16658,5,Best for entry level photography. Budget friendly.,Printers,50
16659,5,Good for beginners,Printers,18
16660,4,Super,Printers,5
16661,5,Best DSLR to begin with..,Printers,25
16662,5,Very good camera,Printers,16
16663,5,good experience,Printers,15
16664,5,worth for money,Printers,15
16665,5,good quality 🥰😘😘,Printers,16
16666,4,Nice camera,Printers,11
16667,5,NYC product,Printers,11
16668,5,Best Camera for beginners this is the best low-cost DSLR,Printers,56
16669,5,Best choice for beginners DSLR photography...,Printers,45
16670,5,outstanding,Printers,11
16671,5,good dsrl for begginers thanks Flipkart for this exciting offers,Printers,64
16672,5,Good,Printers,4
16673,5,osm camera for beginners,Printers,24
16674,5,order canon camera..recieved sony camera...so disappointing,Printers,59
16675,5,Super camera my first DSLR super I love it,Printers,42
16676,5,16 gb memory card was missing......dont buy it from flipkart.. If you want to buy it....buy it from amazon.,Printers,107
16677,4,very .........nice,Printers,18
16678,5,"dont buy this cAmera it does not support all external flashes , this camera only support TTL ...",Printers,96
16679,4,"Pathetic built, display is gross. better go for nikon or 1500d",Printers,62
16680,5,very nice camara canon,Printers,22
16681,1,battery is not getting charged........and now dont know what to do😣😣,Printers,68
16682,5,i relly thank fulll to flipkart Osm,Printers,35
16683,1,"best entry level DSLR, I buy it for 16000/- On bigbillion days through Hdfc credit card Thanks to Flipkart",Printers,106
16684,5,Superb,Printers,6
16685,1,"Don't buy this product, not upto the canon mark image quality and no return policy also...now I can't return it nor can't keep it",Printers,129
16686,1,Good quality,Printers,12
16687,5,Worth for a beginner !! Would recommend to have a 50 mm lens additionally to get start your photography skills 👍,Printers,112
16688,1,Absolutely damaged product... There was white fungus under the display... Disgusting.. Neber expected that Flipkart Assured products will be of such pathetic quality!!! I was totally shocked to see the fungus..which was also not removable!!! Shame!!!,Printers,250
16689,5,I recommended you to go with 1500d or others else,Printers,49
16690,5,For learning purpose and make hobby fullfil is the best camera in it's price range and image quality is also good. Worth of money. Here some samples I have clicked using this camera.,Printers,182
16691,5,Best entry Level DSLR at low price. Never expected such a good product under 20K. Camera quality: Just fabulous Rating: 4.8/5,Printers,125
16692,1,Awesome for beginners go for it,Printers,31
16693,5,Best Camera for Beginners. Image quality is best. Zoom is only 3x. Paisa wasool.,Printers,80
16694,5,Good for beginners Image quality is also good,Printers,45
16695,1,Best for learn beginning photography,Printers,36
16696,2,Good product,Printers,12
16697,4,"Just go fr it guyz, itz awsm camera ❤️",Printers,38
16698,5,nice camara under 23000 Takar modda,Printers,35
16699,5,it's very Good products and original canon product fast delivery so satisfying,Printers,78
16700,5,Superrrr,Printers,8
16701,3,good product I m so happy bhut time lga laine me love u,Printers,55
16702,3,Awesome... Awesome... I got it with price of 15k+ during Big billion day sale. I feel it was very cheap price for such a classy products... love you my first camera Canon,Printers,170
16703,5,I think best camera for the beginners. Pic quality is too good. I bought it in Rs. 18799/-.,Printers,91
16704,4,Excellent camera,Printers,16
16705,5,It's awesome clarity,Printers,20
16706,5,Very good product,Printers,17
16707,5,value for money product,Printers,23
16708,5,Simply superb for beginners,Printers,27
16709,5,nice camera that in my hand,Printers,27
16710,5,Good I like it And buy this product good working,Printers,48
16711,5,Good camera....,Printers,15
16712,5,good,Printers,4
16713,5,nice camera,Printers,11
16714,5,Thank you Flipkart cool product,Printers,31
16715,5,splendid camera.. though m beginner at photography. this piece steals the show. still need to find out how to make the features available.. but pics says it all,Printers,160
16716,4,"nice 📷 camera good pixils,",Printers,26
16717,5,good quality pictures,Printers,21
16718,4,awesome,Printers,7
16719,4,Good for beginners. Interface cable must include with camera,Printers,60
16720,5,Excellent good budget only personal use,Printers,39
16721,5,nice,Printers,4
16722,5,Super qulaty ❤️😍😍😍,Printers,18
16723,4,Loved it,Printers,8
16724,5,Such a nice camera with lens and affordable price. thanks Flipkart🥰🥰🥰🥰,Printers,70
16725,5,Images Awesome..but Display quality very low,Printers,44
16726,4,My first pic and awesome camera for beginners,Printers,45
16727,4,amazing product but 4 stars because delayed delivery but except that everything is great loved it 😍,Printers,99
16728,5,Excellent quality & really amazing picture quality,Printers,50
16729,5,Worth of money.. love you canon. Thnks flipkart,Printers,47
16730,5,good camera,Printers,11
16731,5,plastic mount,Printers,13
16732,5,Good,Printers,4
16733,5,Good for the price but I would suggest if you have money then go for 1500d. Can capture decent picture but the display size and color production is very poor if you compare it with 1300d or 1500d.  I have attached some sample shots. For more sample shots you can visit (Abhinav____ on instagram),Printers,295
16734,4,Good camra for click photo Use for only parsonaly not for business Best result with 1.8 prime lens 50mm See my pictures and comment me,Printers,134
16735,5,Nyc thise camera,Printers,16
16736,5,Mast quality,Printers,12
16737,4,Good product I love it,Printers,22
16738,3,"As like all the reviews, This one is a Best choice if you are a beginner in photography. The camera body is quite grippy, Comfortable button placements, Easy to control the mannual settings to adjust shutter speed, ISO, and aperture.",Printers,233
16739,5,Good 1,Printers,6
16740,5,I bought this camera in the year 2018 for 16K giving this review after more than 2yreas of using. Its a complete satisfaction I must say. With its wifi and remote photography options what more can you expect at this price. It a perfect choice for some who wants to learn.,Printers,271
16741,4,"everything reached in a perfect shape without any damage , cam is too good , but should be bought only with the zoom lens, kit lens is not that much useful.features are awesome. it is wifi enabled to share your photos. thorugh wifi u can connect ur mobile ,which can show the live cam screen on your mobile . flash is good i got it at 21500 without zoom lens. upto now there r no reasons to mark it a bad one ,except the reasons to say it is an awesome product at such a price.",Printers,477
16742,5,Good to start,Printers,13
16743,5,"Got it for 20k flat ! Excellent product for beginners and learners ! It even comes with a free learning courseware subscription the box ! Only thing tou need to take care is that the Mount ring lacks steel reinforcement, so lens changes need to be carefully done....",Printers,266
16744,5,"For 19k its worth only, country of origin: Thailand",Printers,51
16745,4,This camera better to buy in this prise 👍 and simply super options.,Printers,67
16746,4,My first DSLR good one for beginners easy to use and worth for mony.,Printers,68
16747,5,Good camera below 20k,Printers,21
16748,5,Best 😍,Printers,6
16749,5,Lerning camera nothing better than anythings,Printers,44
16750,5,Really osm 🥰🥰 good product... Am so happy 😘,Printers,43
16751,5,love it,Printers,7
16752,4,Awesome camera 😊😊,Printers,17
16753,5,Good for beginners. Go for it.,Printers,30
16754,5,Gud quality,Printers,11
16755,5,Nice camera,Printers,11
16756,5,Great Photos with this dslr,Printers,27
16757,5,Satisfied😊,Printers,10
16758,5,Just wow????,Printers,12
16759,5,best i get in 15k only Thanks flipkart,Printers,38
16760,5,"Its being 2 months that I have used this product. I must say that every pics gives me a complete satisfaction. There are a lot of new things that you can learn, and also you can show your creativity. Go for it without a doubt",Printers,225
16761,5,satisfied,Printers,9
16762,5,superb pictures,Printers,15
16763,5,Best DSLR for beginners...,Printers,26
16764,4,good camera at this price.. lense isn't that good..,Printers,51
16765,5,nice camera and good picture quality,Printers,36
16766,5,awesome product,Printers,15
16767,5,Awesome Camera My First Camara,Printers,30
16768,4,Overall perfect for a beginner. Nice packing and timely delivery.,Printers,65
16769,5,great cam,Printers,9
16770,5,Awesome DSLR in this range.....!!!,Printers,34
16771,5,good camra,Printers,10
16772,5,", outstanding product",Printers,21
16773,5,a perfect dslr for the beginner's. just loved it,Printers,48
16774,5,superb dslr,Printers,11
16775,5,nice camera,Printers,11
16776,5,it's best DSLR under 20k....,Printers,28
16777,5,Product is very good. But delivery services are very bad,Printers,56
16778,5,nice DSLR,Printers,9
16779,5,superbbb pic quality. great product in low price.,Printers,49
16780,5,good products,Printers,13
16781,5,Superb camera.,Printers,14
16782,5,Budget camera,Printers,13
16783,5,Nice,Printers,4
16784,5,Too good,Printers,8
16785,5,There is a problem in auto zoom. It takes a lot of time in stabilizing the focus. I tried a lot to return and sorder a higher version ..but Flipkart policy has changed and this is creating a problem for us.  I request Flipkart to consider return also...not just replacement.. because we put a lot of money in products and if that comes out to be bad...then we are stuck. I'll make sure not to order anything . Would prefer buying it after testing in the market .. paying a bit more .. Atleast 500...,Printers,499
16786,5,good,Printers,4
16787,4,Nice camera.with perfact price👌👌👌,Printers,33
16788,5,best camera available i just got it for rs 18999.0,Printers,50
16789,5,good camera,Printers,11
16790,4,best for beginers ill just say its osm,Printers,38
16791,3,super... my first DSLR.... it's my birthday gift from my wife....,Printers,65
16792,1,waste of money,Printers,14
16793,4,i just love this cammera delivery is so fast .cammera is amazing,Printers,64
16794,5,excellent product ....,Printers,22
16795,5,"It's is most wonderful camera but single that one this bad 18_55 lens only camera bulr on back ground super low zooming one of this bad but money value able camera... Good, super, osm, vera 11,",Printers,193
16796,4,excellent packing and product.,Printers,30
16797,5,"Good camera for personal use,",Printers,29
16798,5,Very bad return policies. I will not buy in future anything... Baster policies,Printers,78
16799,1,it is wow camera it is better than Nikon d3400 heavy performance,Printers,64
16800,5,good product,Printers,12
16801,5,nice photo,Printers,10
16802,5,Quality is good in this price range...,Printers,38
16803,4,good,Printers,4
16804,5,Pixel quality bad when image zooming,Printers,36
16805,5,Nice pics,Printers,9
16806,5,Just awesome Battery backup upto 7hrs for continuous shoot Quality of picture is good User friendly for beginners Overall performance was good Thanks to flipkart and seller Written this review after one month usage.,Printers,215
16807,5,Good,Printers,4
16808,5,Image reasult is awesome Camera quality so good,Printers,47
16809,4,Camera is amazing. But i didn't get memory card and bag with it so a lil bit disappointed. But overall the camera is awesome Ho for it i got is for 22k I'd suggest you to buy it in big billion days you may get it for 18 to 19k rupees.,Printers,234
16810,5,If you're Planning to buy this camera for video shoot then you are going to do a big mistake because it's video quality is too much poor .,Printers,138
16811,3,Very nice camera... But main thing is that I don't know some of its functions so after using 3-4 months I will give my review again,Printers,131
16812,5,Blur system is very good,Printers,24
16813,5,Good,Printers,4
16814,4,Good product,Printers,12
16815,5,So Nice.I love this,Printers,19
16816,4,Camera is good but storage is not enough camera quality is very nice this is expensive but according to price features very less.,Printers,129
16817,1,Good product for the price range.,Printers,33
16818,5,Super 💕,Printers,7
16819,5,Awesome product i.e. dslr camera at this price . I am using it since 5 months..,Printers,79
16820,4,Awesome in this price range great quality,Printers,41
16821,5,Good,Printers,4
16822,5,Very good photo,Printers,15
16823,3,Wast of mony,Printers,12
16824,4,"Product is very good. Got in okay condition, but Flipkart has not packed it safely as it's a sophisticated product which needs to be packed for safety during shipping. And secondly I want to mention this time Flipkart fooled me by not giving the camera bag with the pack. Memory card is also excluded from the pack. Atleast bag should be there.",Printers,344
16825,5,Very good camera but hotshoe system is not satisfied,Printers,52
16826,5,Excellent product,Printers,17
16827,4,Always guves a crisp image. Best for beginner. And I am a beginner.,Printers,67
16828,5,"At least it should have the basic accessories like beg, datacable to connect to or laptop and a memory card.... top of the camera need to expend more then 5k to buy basic accessories.",Printers,183
16829,5,Best option as an entry level DSLR. And with 18-55 lens still manages to get background blurred pictures.,Printers,105
16830,1,"Two reasons for not rating 5 stars. One, I would have paid a bit more for a memory card too. Please include it, it's not complete without one. Two is more a camera display issue- it tends to randomly become quite white. I just passed my return by date, so I can't return, but it's a random issue. I've seen that reinserting the battery solves it.",Printers,346
16831,5,At this price..it is okay.but if you are expecting professional quality fotography then it is not for you..Go for some higher price model.,Printers,138
16832,5,Good product,Printers,12
16833,4,Excellent product the picture is much more good,Printers,47
16834,5,Very good,Printers,9
16835,3,Nice,Printers,4
16836,4,Good for entry level. I bought is super cheap at 19k. Wait for offers.. if want a bit better one go for 1500d,Printers,109
16837,4,Not happy ...not focusing properly,Printers,34
16838,5,Good,Printers,4
16839,5,Canon is best,Printers,13
16840,4,It's a great camera. Love this functions. It's very simple to use.,Printers,66
16841,5,Good quality,Printers,12
16842,5,Budget camera 📷📷,Printers,16
16843,5,Nis,Printers,3
16844,1,Preface for personal photography,Printers,32
16845,3,Best camera,Printers,11
16846,5,Very nice camera,Printers,16
16847,4,"Picture Quality is very good. Satisfied with the auto focus lens, night portrait mode is awesome. Video quality not that good. Value for money. Best for beginners start up.",Printers,172
16848,5,Good dslr for beginners,Printers,23
16849,5,Just buy this and later on buy extra lens from canon. Its handy and perfect.,Printers,76
16850,5,Good camera for Beginners,Printers,25
16851,4,My fast DSLR it's osm 😍,Printers,23
16852,5,"Nice Camera...I brought this Camera for my Brother in Big Billions sales with No Cost EMI at 18880 INR... Thank you Flipkart...from Manipur, Moreh.",Printers,147
16853,4,Need other lens to be get long shots,Printers,36
16854,4,Fantastic 📷,Printers,11
16855,4,It's in mid-range best quality.,Printers,31
16856,5,Good product,Printers,12
16857,5,Bast beginner camera go for it ..,Printers,33
16858,4,im happy,Printers,8
16859,4,Super n,Printers,7
16860,4,Nice,Printers,4
16861,5,Very nice product.... I am very Happy,Printers,37
16862,4,Superb in this range of money...,Printers,32
16863,5,Good product,Printers,12
16864,5,Bro Genuine product M.D: 08:20 Thanks Seller.,Printers,45
16865,5,Recommended.. Have to learn the trick after that uh uh can capture everything so easily.. Go for it ❤️❤️,Printers,104
16866,5,Good One for beginers,Printers,21
16867,4,Amazing photos and videos,Printers,25
16868,5,Good quality 😀,Printers,14
16869,5,Best Dslr camera for beginners📸📷,Printers,32
16870,4,Loved it ❤️,Printers,11
16871,5,Camera is damn good. I would suggest every beginner to buy this camera.But if you want to shoot videos go for other camera this camera don't have external mic.I have given 4 stars only due to delivery service i got this after 11 days,Printers,233
16872,5,my 1st camera....I like it,Printers,26
16873,5,Good lv it,Printers,10
16874,5,Best Beginner's DSLR.,Printers,21
16875,5,Very good dslr camera..same as 1300d but advantage is 3000d is lighter weight.only disadvantage is it's lcd resolution.,Printers,119
16876,5,Good product,Printers,12
16877,5,Awesome for only photography perpas...I bought this camera Rs-15299... great grab...,Printers,84
16878,4,Awesome camera,Printers,14
16879,5,Great for beginners,Printers,19
16880,5,Nice pitcher quality,Printers,20
16881,5,Super,Printers,5
16882,5,Awesome i got in 16.5k so i would suggest instead of 1500d go for 3000d same thing in less prz,Printers,94
16883,4,Good for beginners... Very user friendly...,Printers,43
16884,5,It is nice,Printers,10
16885,5,Good camera but only thing is that it focus take very long time,Printers,63
16886,5,Its very good camera for beginners. I got this product in 16499/- . With 50 mm lens its superb,Printers,94
16887,5,Simply awsome,Printers,13
16888,5,"All is very good , but lens 70-300 is very expensive.",Printers,53
16889,4,Good Product..nice camera,Printers,25
16890,5,Superb camera for beginners who wants to be a photographer.,Printers,59
16891,3,"best DSLR for those who want to but first DSLR,best entry level DSLR,amazing picture quality. pros-great image quality,affordable,light weight,good battery life cons-not great for videography,not for night photography",Printers,217
16892,4,Nice good tq canon,Printers,18
16893,4,Nice camera for the youth❤,Printers,26
16894,5,Best in class!!! IF YOU HAVE INTEREST IN PHOTOGRAPHY ONLY THAN THIS IS FOR YOU.. Surprisingly PERFECT and most important is under the BUDGET!!!,Printers,143
16895,4,Really impressed with camera effect. Nice image quality easy access through WiFi through phone no need cables to copy.,Printers,118
16896,5,Value for money,Printers,15
16897,5,Random shots in auto mode the pictures are great good canon,Printers,59
16898,5,Camera quality is perfect💯 I like the lens most 🤑🤑🤑🤑,Printers,52
16899,4,Awsome product 👌👌👌,Printers,18
16900,5,Vlaue of money 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,Printers,23
16901,5,Excellent,Printers,9
16902,5,Camera is soo good. Quality so cool.,Printers,36
16903,5,Ossam products,Printers,14
16904,5,Great,Printers,5
16905,5,Nice,Printers,4
16906,5,it is very good dslr for new people who thinks that photography is their passion not very expensive yet the good product with complete package. some sample taking from this camera very good camera for new commers,Printers,212
16907,5,Good one,Printers,8
16908,5,Best Value For Money DSLR.,Printers,26
16909,5,loved it,Printers,8
16910,3,best dslr on this price,Printers,23
16911,5,picture quality is awesome.......,Printers,33
16912,5,super quality pixel,Printers,19
16913,5,good camera for entry level.,Printers,28
16914,5,osam,Printers,4
16915,4,Great Picture... Good for beginners,Printers,35
16916,5,value for money,Printers,15
16917,5,best beginners camera. Got it in billion day sale for 16999..best price for a fully functional dslr camera. an additional lens can be purchased as the stock one along with cam is a landscape lens. lightweight body and all shooting modes available.,Printers,247
16918,5,I am very happy it's better,Printers,27
16919,5,Just Awesome,Printers,12
16920,4,super,Printers,5
16921,5,Vern nice product,Printers,17
16922,5,good pictures.. weight less,Printers,27
16923,5,Not good for video,Printers,18
16924,5,Nice Camera under 20000 good image captured,Printers,43
16925,5,awesome purchase got in 16799,Printers,29
16926,5,Nice DSLR to start with,Printers,23
16927,5,good for entry level camera but not as good as accepted...,Printers,58
16928,5,Outdoor photography results is good. Low light very poor,Printers,56
16929,5,Nice camera in budget.,Printers,22
16930,2,"Got this @14,500 in sale, very good product",Printers,43
16931,5,Good product,Printers,12
16932,5,camera quality is very good.,Printers,28
16933,5,Nice dslr for beginners.,Printers,24
16934,3,nice,Printers,4
16935,4,Good product for beginners..  I got this cam within 2days,Printers,57
16936,5,this is a good product.love it,Printers,30
16937,5,good product in this price range.,Printers,33
16938,5,nice camera,Printers,11
16939,4,Fabulousl..product........ 😘,Printers,28
16940,5,Awesome product got it before expected delivery...,Printers,50
16941,4,This is a amazing camera..,Printers,26
16942,5,Awesome product thank you Flipkart,Printers,34
16943,5,Very nice,Printers,9
16944,5,1.Best Budget camera 2.Battery backup is good 3.Image quality is good.( white balance is avarage ) ( Image sharpness is avarage) 4.Best for Beginners 5.Flipkart Delivery is good. 6.Perfect Packing Delivery,Printers,205
16945,4,awesome products love you canon,Printers,31
16946,5,Very good,Printers,9
16947,5,Excellent camera. Does all the work. WiFi is excellent. Photos transferred to iphone smoothly. Colour quality fantastic in manual and auto mode.,Printers,144
16948,5,amazing camera quality.....but lense z not usable for wild life photography... zooming power is too short,Printers,105
16949,5,Good,Printers,4
16950,4,For learner it's a good DSLR,Printers,28
16951,4,good camera... but for indoor shoot it's not good,Printers,49
16952,5,its just my budget awsm dslr,Printers,28
16953,4,good,Printers,4
16954,5,dilever time to longer and product serial no mistake in tex invoice,Printers,67
16955,2,great product,Printers,13
16956,5,"Got if just for 19,990 along with a moto pulse escape. To say it's the best deal I have ever got in my life. The camera is just amazing at 20k price range. I would just say GO FOR IT if you are a beginner",Printers,204
16957,3,Nice camera for the beginners ..,Printers,32
16958,5,Thank Q. I recived it in time and good one.but we brought for our personal use and we need demo wher should we go,Printers,113
16959,5,"Image quality isn't so great, rendering grainy images even at low iso, too slow auto focus and low battery with stand time",Printers,122
16960,3,nice product and on time delivery by flipkart thank u . packed well,Printers,67
16961,3,"Worst product for those who prefers video recording,they haven't mentioned it in description also,even the display size is less than the lower model 1300.it is simply waste. Better to go with some products of nikon.",Printers,215
16962,5,MEMORY CARD NOT RECEIVED,Printers,24
16963,5,1500d is batter than 3000d i have expressed both 1500d have batter functions than 3000 before buy compare led size auto open flash and one click on and off option awailable,Printers,172
16964,5,"One of the best DSLR cameras for the beginners although I don't know much about photography took this camera as it was there in incredible deal of 20,000. The camera has no built in flash you have to buy a seperate flasher from the market or from Flipkart. The packing and the delivery from flipkart was smooth.",Printers,311
16965,4,"Very low resolution, it's not useful",Printers,36
16966,3,Very poor quality,Printers,17
16967,5,"Worst... Just for beginners who wants learning photography, 🤘",Printers,61
16968,1,It's not supporting memory card I have changed so many memory cards but nothing is supporting and two times pick master have denied to take back the product saying that the serial numbers of the product is showing invalid in his device,Printers,235
16969,1,Good. Not bed. Better for beginners,Printers,35
16970,5,Nice product....❤️📸,Printers,19
16971,4,my first DSLR camera good camera 17249 purchased for cost 😍 Awesome the beginner,Printers,80
16972,1,Very nice camera 📸,Printers,18
16973,1,"Very Worst Failure Model of Canon not worth for money , choose another model , quality of pic is not nice and features are less",Printers,127
16974,1,For the beginners this is best camera,Printers,37
16975,1,"Using 1300d earlier Almost same picture quality But the display is not good,capture photo and transfer it to your phone and than see the clarity When you see the photo through the camera display,it doesn't feels so good",Printers,219
16976,4,very good camera in budget,Printers,26
16977,5,Best choice for choosing canon EOS 3000D for Biggeners... I loved it...,Printers,71
16978,5,good,Printers,4
16979,5,this camera is awesome and I am very happy with this product and I used 18-55 kit lens thanks to flipcart,Printers,105
16980,1,awesome camera...... I love this,Printers,32
16981,4,Awesome,Printers,7
16982,5,Just Great.... Delivery is too fast... Apart from no flash button and no I piece wheel everything is OK. Image quality is as good as other crop sensor DSLR,Printers,155
16983,5,I am happy,Printers,10
16984,5,good...😊,Printers,8
16985,5,satisfied 😊,Printers,11
16986,5,superb product and delevired by flp crt.,Printers,40
16987,5,awsome product,Printers,14
16988,5,Very good,Printers,9
16989,4,"awsome camera, photo calarity nice similar to 1300d as no change",Printers,64
16990,5,It is very useful to beginners,Printers,30
16991,4,amazing,Printers,7
16992,5,USB cable and slot is not available,Printers,35
16993,5,camra quality,Printers,13
16994,5,camera is good but the headset which they provided was 2 year older.. i went for this camera because of that moto headset only.. finally i got old which seems less durable.. i should have went for 1500d..😐😐😐 waste of 1000 rupees extra for tat headset,Printers,250
16995,5,It's not use for studio photography. because its not suitable for external flash or trigger. I am very upsetting.,Printers,113
16996,5,Bad quality for this camera and not viedo shoot best,Printers,52
16997,5,worst lens 18-55 picture not blur it's a passport pic DSLR not satisfied,Printers,72
16998,4,"Overall product is good. Light weight, easy to handle. The only issue is, in description. They said there is 30x optical zoom whereas it only zoom upto 3x with 18-55mm lens, so it is my humble request to FLIPKART sales team to review the description once on their end before putting it on website.",Printers,297
16999,2,"good product with reasonable price, Best product for beginners however image quality is Morethan 4K with manual settings.",Printers,121
17000,5,Not a good camera. Worst lenses,Printers,31
17001,1,Nice pic,Printers,8
17002,3,This is my first dslr camera 📷 All the Fun are good and a entry level budget cam..,Printers,82
17003,1,Awesome 😊,Printers,9
17004,5,Bag missing,Printers,11
17005,4,Best camera for low price,Printers,25
17006,5,Nice,Printers,4
17007,5,Bad quality no refund,Printers,21
17008,5,Nice camera,Printers,11
17009,5,Best DSLR FOR BEGINNERS,Printers,23
17010,5,bad,Printers,3
17011,1,It's very good for beginners but they didn't provide memory card. The picture and video are good.,Printers,97
17012,5,Osm pic quality.. must buy,Printers,26
17013,5,great camera price good 🥵 setisfy,Printers,33
17014,1,It's good but the it doesn't provide memory card that the bad thing,Printers,67
17015,5,Amazing quality and great delivery,Printers,34
17016,5,Good,Printers,4
17017,1,Osm,Printers,3
17018,5,Nic camera,Printers,10
17019,5,Nice product,Printers,12
17020,5,Good for beginners.,Printers,19
17021,3,Great,Printers,5
17022,5,Very good Camera,Printers,16
17023,4,Good,Printers,4
17024,5,Good,Printers,4
17025,5,Nice product,Printers,12
17026,4,Good. Not the best.. Auto Focusing time is more.. Photos are not beter than smart phone. Only for study purpose one can use it.,Printers,127
17027,3,A very good experience A steady entry level camera Good photography Good videography with excellent audio record Manual mode is op..🔥,Printers,133
17028,5,"fully satisfited , I am the beginner of dslr I feel really good, but it is not made for professional photographer .",Printers,115
17029,4,Nice,Printers,4
17030,5,overall ok . awesome camera.. But I didn't get the memory card and camera bag with the camera... should be given in my opinion,Printers,126
17031,4,Good product,Printers,12
17032,5,Good DSLR for beginners but need higher focul length lens to capture long distance picture.,Printers,91
17033,3,Value for money 😀😀 Love it❤️❤️,Printers,30
17034,5,Not good as 1500d,Printers,17
17035,5,"Very good, but they should provide carry bag also",Printers,49
17036,4,Nice camera 📸 i Love you canon,Printers,30
17037,5,I am very happy of this dslr flipkart always send me good product ❤️❤️❤️❤️,Printers,74
17038,5,Great product Thankyou flipkart My 1st dslr 😝🤩,Printers,46
17039,4,Good,Printers,4
17040,5,Pics superr but video not good more.then issues,Printers,47
17041,2,Nice product,Printers,12
17042,5,Best,Printers,4
17043,5,My 1st dslr ..love it...,Printers,24
17044,5,"Camera nice for beginners, need 55-250mm Lens for best quality pic. It's wifi facility working very nicely.",Printers,107
17045,5,Best Camera... In low price.,Printers,28
17046,5,Great 👍 Love it 😊,Printers,17
17047,3,Excellent product in this price range. I love it,Printers,48
17048,5,Good Photo,Printers,10
17049,5,Value for money very nice product,Printers,33
17050,5,Brilliant for beginners like me…,Printers,32
17051,4,Nice product,Printers,12
17052,5,Very good,Printers,9
17053,5,Good quality and super model...thank you Flipkart,Printers,49
17054,5,It's Super cam low price good quality i love it🥰,Printers,48
17055,5,Nice,Printers,4
17056,5,Waste less and useless also Flipkart did it itself for resolve issue,Printers,68
17057,5,Thanks job,Printers,10
17058,3,Super camara best DSLR,Printers,22
17059,4,Very good product I am so happy message,Printers,39
17060,5,Nice product 👍,Printers,14
17061,5,Picture clarity is very poor.,Printers,29
17062,5,"Great quality of picture...great price, thanks to Big Billion days offer...",Printers,75
17063,1,Decent quality image. Great for beginners.,Printers,42
17064,5,Excellent,Printers,9
17065,5,My first DSLR camera thanks flipkart,Printers,36
17066,5,Good!,Printers,5
17067,4,Love this product❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️,Printers,29
17068,1,I love it 😍😍,Printers,12
17069,5,Its simple awesome i just love it😊😊😊😊😘😘,Printers,39
17070,4,Nice camera good picture quality.,Printers,33
17071,5,Good par on bag,Printers,15
17072,5,Awesome,Printers,7
17073,5,Nice product,Printers,12
17074,5,Best camera Best canon camara Eos 3000,Printers,38
17075,5,Bad Points :  😏 No Bags / Memory Card Given with the product 😒 Doesn't have port to connect mic 😐 Not suitable for Video recoding  Good Point :  😊 Picture quality is nice with this DSLR. 😍 Price is much less compared to other camera (purchased on BBD 2021),Printers,256
17076,5,This camera is very cool and very good which i am very happy and the one who came to do jalebi was also very nice Nice,Printers,118
17077,5,"Good product for the price, but increased recently. No bag, no memory card all freebies removed. Not easy to use upon receiving",Printers,127
17078,2,Awsome products I am waiting to buy since from one year tnq flipkart for Big Billion day... Thank you🙏,Printers,102
17079,5,Nice,Printers,4
17080,5,Good,Printers,4
17081,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17082,3,Saifurrahaman Nice DSLR wow,Printers,27
17083,5,Best DSLR in entry level segment,Printers,32
17084,3,Best quality.. full HD..,Printers,24
17085,5,Good Qualities,Printers,14
17086,5,Wow so nice 👌😎 canon camera and beautiful clearity for this camera thanks for filipcart good and best products thanks for filipcart and your team and best saller,Printers,161
17087,4,Best DSLR for beginners with good price range.,Printers,46
17088,5,Thank you flipkart,Printers,18
17089,5,"Good product picture quality is great, good one for beginner",Printers,60
17090,5,Nice,Printers,4
17091,5,Very nice looking and quality,Printers,29
17092,5,Very good. Just loving it. Clicked many pictures with the camera already 🤣,Printers,74
17093,5,Super,Printers,5
17094,5,Good product,Printers,12
17095,4,Nice Camera,Printers,11
17096,5,Product was awesome but I didn't receive free 16GB SD card,Printers,58
17097,5,Camera was perfect but I think price should be a little less.. Overall OK...,Printers,76
17098,4,Good camera,Printers,11
17099,5,Awesome 😎,Printers,9
17100,5,Good Quality Worth of Money Starting Level user best camera,Printers,59
17101,5,Worest site,Printers,11
17102,5,Best for Begeniears,Printers,19
17103,4,GOOD,Printers,4
17104,3,Awesome,Printers,7
17105,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17106,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17107,5,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17108,1,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17109,4,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17110,3,Awesome product,Printers,15
17111,5,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17112,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17113,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17114,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17115,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17116,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17117,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17118,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17119,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17120,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17121,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17122,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17123,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17124,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17125,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17126,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17127,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17128,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17129,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17130,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17131,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17132,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17133,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17134,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17135,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17136,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17137,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17138,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17139,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17140,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17141,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17142,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17143,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17144,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17145,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17146,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17147,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17148,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17149,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17150,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17151,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17152,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17153,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17154,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17155,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17156,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17157,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17158,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17159,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17160,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17161,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17162,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17163,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17164,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17165,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17166,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17167,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17168,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17169,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17170,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17171,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17172,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17173,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17174,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17175,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17176,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17177,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17178,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17179,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17180,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17181,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17182,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17183,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17184,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17185,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17186,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17187,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17188,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17189,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17190,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17191,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17192,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17193,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17194,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17195,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17196,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17197,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17198,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17199,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17200,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17201,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17202,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17203,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17204,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17205,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17206,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17207,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17208,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17209,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17210,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17211,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17212,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17213,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17214,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17215,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17216,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17217,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17218,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17219,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17220,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17221,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17222,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17223,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17224,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17225,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17226,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17227,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17228,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17229,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17230,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17231,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17232,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17233,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17234,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17235,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17236,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17237,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17238,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17239,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17240,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17241,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17242,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17243,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17244,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17245,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17246,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17247,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17248,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17249,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17250,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17251,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17252,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17253,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17254,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17255,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17256,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17257,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17258,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17259,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17260,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17261,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17262,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17263,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17264,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17265,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17266,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17267,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17268,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17269,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17270,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17271,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17272,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17273,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17274,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17275,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17276,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17277,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17278,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17279,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17280,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17281,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17282,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17283,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17284,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17285,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17286,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17287,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17288,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17289,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17290,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17291,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17292,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17293,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17294,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17295,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17296,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17297,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17298,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17299,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17300,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17301,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17302,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17303,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17304,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17305,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17306,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17307,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17308,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17309,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17310,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17311,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17312,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17313,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17314,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17315,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17316,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17317,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17318,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17319,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17320,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17321,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17322,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17323,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17324,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17325,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17326,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17327,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17328,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17329,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17330,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17331,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17332,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17333,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17334,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17335,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17336,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17337,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17338,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17339,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17340,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17341,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17342,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17343,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17344,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17345,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17346,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17347,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17348,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17349,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17350,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17351,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17352,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17353,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17354,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17355,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17356,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17357,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17358,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17359,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17360,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17361,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17362,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17363,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17364,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17365,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17366,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17367,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17368,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17369,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17370,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17371,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17372,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17373,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17374,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17375,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17376,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17377,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17378,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17379,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17380,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17381,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17382,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17383,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17384,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17385,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17386,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17387,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17388,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17389,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17390,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17391,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17392,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17393,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17394,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17395,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17396,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17397,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17398,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17399,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17400,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17401,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17402,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17403,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17404,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17405,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17406,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17407,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17408,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17409,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17410,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17411,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17412,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17413,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17414,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17415,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17416,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17417,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17418,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17419,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17420,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17421,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17422,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17423,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17424,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17425,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17426,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17427,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17428,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17429,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17430,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17431,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17432,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17433,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17434,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17435,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17436,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17437,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17438,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17439,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17440,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17441,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17442,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17443,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17444,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17445,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17446,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17447,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17448,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17449,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17450,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17451,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17452,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17453,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17454,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17455,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17456,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17457,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17458,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17459,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17460,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17461,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17462,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17463,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17464,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17465,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17466,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17467,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17468,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17469,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17470,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17471,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17472,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17473,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17474,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17475,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17476,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17477,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17478,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17479,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17480,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17481,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17482,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17483,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17484,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17485,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17486,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17487,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17488,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17489,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17490,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17491,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17492,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17493,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17494,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17495,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17496,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17497,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17498,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17499,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17500,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17501,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17502,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17503,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17504,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17505,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17506,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17507,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17508,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17509,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17510,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17511,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17512,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17513,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17514,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17515,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17516,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17517,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17518,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17519,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17520,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17521,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17522,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17523,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17524,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17525,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17526,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17527,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17528,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17529,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17530,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17531,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17532,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17533,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17534,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17535,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17536,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17537,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17538,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17539,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17540,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17541,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17542,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17543,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17544,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17545,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17546,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17547,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17548,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17549,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17550,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17551,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17552,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17553,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17554,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17555,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17556,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17557,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17558,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17559,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17560,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17561,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17562,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17563,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17564,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17565,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17566,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17567,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17568,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17569,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17570,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17571,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17572,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17573,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17574,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17575,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17576,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17577,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17578,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17579,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17580,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17581,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17582,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17583,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17584,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17585,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17586,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17587,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17588,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17589,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17590,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17591,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17592,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17593,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17594,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17595,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17596,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17597,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17598,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17599,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17600,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17601,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17602,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17603,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17604,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17605,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17606,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17607,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17608,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17609,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17610,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17611,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17612,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17613,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17614,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17615,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17616,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17617,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17618,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17619,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17620,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17621,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17622,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17623,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17624,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17625,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17626,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17627,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17628,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17629,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17630,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17631,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17632,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17633,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17634,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17635,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17636,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17637,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17638,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17639,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17640,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17641,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17642,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17643,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17644,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17645,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17646,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17647,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17648,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17649,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17650,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17651,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17652,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17653,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17654,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17655,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17656,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17657,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17658,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17659,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17660,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17661,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17662,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17663,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17664,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17665,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17666,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17667,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17668,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17669,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17670,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17671,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17672,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17673,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17674,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17675,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17676,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17677,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17678,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17679,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17680,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17681,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17682,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17683,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17684,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17685,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17686,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17687,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17688,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17689,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17690,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17691,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17692,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17693,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17694,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17695,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17696,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17697,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17698,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17699,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17700,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17701,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17702,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17703,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17704,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17705,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17706,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17707,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17708,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17709,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17710,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17711,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17712,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17713,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17714,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17715,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17716,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17717,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17718,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17719,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17720,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17721,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17722,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17723,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17724,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17725,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17726,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17727,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17728,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17729,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17730,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17731,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17732,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17733,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17734,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17735,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17736,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17737,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17738,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17739,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17740,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17741,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17742,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17743,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17744,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17745,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17746,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17747,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17748,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17749,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17750,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17751,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17752,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17753,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17754,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17755,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17756,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17757,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17758,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17759,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17760,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17761,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17762,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17763,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17764,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17765,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17766,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17767,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17768,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17769,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17770,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17771,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17772,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17773,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17774,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17775,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17776,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17777,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17778,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17779,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17780,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17781,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17782,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17783,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17784,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17785,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17786,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17787,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17788,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17789,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17790,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17791,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17792,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17793,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17794,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17795,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17796,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17797,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17798,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17799,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17800,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17801,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17802,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17803,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17804,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17805,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17806,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17807,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17808,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17809,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17810,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17811,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17812,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17813,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17814,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17815,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17816,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17817,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17818,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17819,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17820,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17821,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17822,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17823,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17824,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17825,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17826,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17827,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17828,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17829,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17830,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17831,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17832,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17833,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17834,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17835,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17836,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17837,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17838,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17839,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17840,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17841,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17842,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17843,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17844,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17845,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17846,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17847,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17848,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17849,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17850,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17851,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17852,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17853,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17854,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17855,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17856,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17857,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17858,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17859,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17860,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17861,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17862,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17863,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17864,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17865,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17866,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17867,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17868,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17869,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17870,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17871,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17872,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17873,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17874,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17875,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17876,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17877,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17878,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17879,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17880,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17881,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17882,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17883,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17884,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17885,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17886,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17887,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17888,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17889,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17890,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17891,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17892,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17893,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17894,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17895,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17896,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17897,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17898,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17899,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17900,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17901,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17902,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17903,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17904,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17905,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17906,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17907,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17908,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17909,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17910,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17911,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17912,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17913,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17914,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17915,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17916,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17917,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17918,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17919,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17920,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17921,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17922,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17923,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17924,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17925,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17926,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17927,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17928,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17929,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17930,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17931,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17932,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17933,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17934,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17935,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17936,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17937,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17938,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17939,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17940,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17941,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17942,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17943,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17944,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17945,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17946,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17947,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17948,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17949,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17950,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17951,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17952,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17953,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17954,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17955,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17956,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17957,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17958,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17959,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17960,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17961,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17962,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17963,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17964,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17965,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17966,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17967,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17968,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17969,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17970,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17971,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17972,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17973,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17974,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17975,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17976,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17977,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17978,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17979,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17980,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17981,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17982,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17983,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17984,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17985,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17986,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17987,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17988,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17989,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
17990,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
17991,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
17992,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
17993,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
17994,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
17995,5,Not bad,Printers,7
17996,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
17997,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
17998,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
17999,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18000,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18001,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18002,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18003,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18004,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18005,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18006,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18007,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18008,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18009,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18010,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18011,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18012,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18013,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18014,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18015,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18016,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18017,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18018,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18019,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18020,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18021,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18022,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18023,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18024,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18025,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18026,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18027,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18028,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18029,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18030,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18031,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18032,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18033,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18034,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18035,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18036,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18037,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18038,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18039,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18040,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18041,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18042,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18043,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18044,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18045,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18046,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18047,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18048,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18049,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18050,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18051,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18052,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18053,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18054,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18055,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18056,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18057,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18058,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18059,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18060,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18061,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18062,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18063,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18064,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18065,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18066,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18067,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18068,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18069,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18070,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18071,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18072,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18073,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18074,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18075,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18076,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18077,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18078,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18079,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18080,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18081,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18082,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18083,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18084,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18085,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18086,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18087,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18088,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18089,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18090,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18091,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18092,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18093,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18094,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18095,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18096,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18097,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18098,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18099,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18100,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18101,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18102,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18103,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18104,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18105,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18106,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18107,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18108,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18109,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18110,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18111,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18112,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18113,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18114,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18115,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18116,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18117,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18118,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18119,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18120,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18121,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18122,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18123,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18124,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18125,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18126,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18127,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18128,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18129,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18130,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18131,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18132,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18133,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18134,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18135,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18136,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18137,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18138,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18139,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18140,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18141,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18142,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18143,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18144,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18145,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18146,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18147,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18148,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18149,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18150,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18151,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18152,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18153,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18154,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18155,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18156,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18157,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18158,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18159,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18160,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18161,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18162,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18163,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18164,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18165,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18166,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18167,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18168,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18169,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18170,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18171,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18172,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18173,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18174,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18175,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18176,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18177,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18178,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18179,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18180,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18181,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18182,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18183,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18184,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18185,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18186,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18187,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18188,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18189,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18190,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18191,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18192,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18193,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18194,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18195,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18196,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18197,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18198,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18199,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18200,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18201,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18202,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18203,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18204,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18205,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18206,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18207,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18208,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18209,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18210,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18211,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18212,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18213,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18214,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18215,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18216,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18217,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18218,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18219,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18220,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18221,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18222,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18223,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18224,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18225,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18226,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18227,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18228,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18229,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18230,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18231,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18232,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18233,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18234,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18235,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18236,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18237,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18238,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18239,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18240,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18241,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18242,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18243,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18244,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18245,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18246,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18247,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18248,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18249,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18250,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18251,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18252,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18253,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18254,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18255,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18256,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18257,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18258,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18259,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18260,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18261,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18262,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18263,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18264,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18265,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18266,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18267,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18268,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18269,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18270,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18271,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18272,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18273,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18274,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18275,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18276,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18277,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18278,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18279,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18280,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18281,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18282,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18283,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18284,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18285,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18286,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18287,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18288,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18289,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18290,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18291,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18292,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18293,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18294,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18295,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18296,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18297,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18298,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18299,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18300,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18301,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18302,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18303,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18304,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18305,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18306,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18307,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18308,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18309,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18310,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18311,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18312,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18313,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18314,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18315,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18316,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18317,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18318,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18319,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18320,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18321,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18322,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18323,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18324,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18325,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18326,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18327,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18328,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18329,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18330,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18331,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18332,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18333,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18334,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18335,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18336,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18337,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18338,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18339,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18340,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18341,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18342,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18343,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18344,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18345,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18346,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18347,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18348,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18349,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18350,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18351,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18352,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18353,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18354,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18355,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18356,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18357,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18358,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18359,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18360,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18361,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18362,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18363,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18364,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18365,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18366,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18367,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18368,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18369,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18370,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18371,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18372,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18373,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18374,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18375,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18376,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18377,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18378,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18379,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18380,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18381,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18382,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18383,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18384,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18385,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18386,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18387,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18388,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18389,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18390,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18391,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18392,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18393,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18394,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18395,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18396,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18397,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18398,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18399,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18400,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18401,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18402,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18403,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18404,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18405,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18406,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18407,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18408,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18409,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18410,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18411,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18412,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18413,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18414,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18415,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18416,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18417,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18418,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18419,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18420,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18421,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18422,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18423,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18424,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18425,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18426,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18427,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18428,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18429,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18430,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18431,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18432,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18433,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18434,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18435,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18436,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18437,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18438,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18439,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18440,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18441,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18442,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18443,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18444,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18445,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18446,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18447,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18448,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18449,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18450,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18451,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18452,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18453,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18454,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18455,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18456,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18457,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18458,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18459,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18460,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18461,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18462,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18463,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18464,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18465,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18466,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18467,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18468,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18469,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18470,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18471,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18472,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18473,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18474,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18475,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18476,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18477,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18478,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18479,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18480,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18481,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18482,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18483,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18484,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18485,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18486,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18487,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18488,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18489,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18490,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18491,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18492,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18493,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18494,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18495,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18496,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18497,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18498,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18499,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18500,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18501,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18502,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18503,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18504,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18505,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18506,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18507,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18508,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18509,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18510,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18511,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18512,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18513,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18514,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18515,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18516,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18517,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18518,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18519,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18520,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18521,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18522,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18523,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18524,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18525,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18526,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18527,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18528,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18529,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18530,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18531,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18532,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18533,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18534,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18535,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18536,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18537,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18538,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18539,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18540,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18541,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18542,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18543,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18544,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18545,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18546,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18547,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18548,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18549,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18550,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18551,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18552,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18553,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18554,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18555,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18556,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18557,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18558,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18559,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18560,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18561,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18562,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18563,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18564,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18565,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18566,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18567,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18568,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18569,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18570,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18571,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18572,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18573,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18574,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18575,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18576,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18577,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18578,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18579,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18580,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18581,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18582,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18583,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18584,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18585,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18586,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18587,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18588,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18589,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18590,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18591,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18592,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18593,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18594,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18595,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18596,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18597,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18598,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18599,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18600,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18601,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18602,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18603,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18604,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18605,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18606,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18607,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18608,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18609,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18610,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18611,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18612,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18613,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18614,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18615,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18616,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18617,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18618,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18619,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18620,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18621,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18622,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18623,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18624,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18625,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18626,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18627,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18628,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18629,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18630,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18631,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18632,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18633,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18634,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18635,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18636,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18637,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18638,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18639,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18640,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18641,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18642,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18643,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18644,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18645,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18646,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18647,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18648,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18649,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18650,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18651,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18652,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18653,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18654,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18655,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18656,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18657,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18658,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18659,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18660,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18661,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18662,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18663,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18664,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18665,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18666,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18667,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18668,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18669,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18670,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18671,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18672,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18673,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18674,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18675,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18676,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18677,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18678,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18679,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18680,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18681,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18682,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18683,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18684,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18685,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18686,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18687,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18688,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18689,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18690,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18691,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18692,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18693,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18694,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18695,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18696,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18697,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18698,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18699,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18700,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18701,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18702,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18703,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18704,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18705,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18706,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18707,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18708,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18709,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18710,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18711,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18712,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18713,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18714,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18715,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18716,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18717,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18718,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18719,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18720,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18721,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18722,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18723,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18724,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18725,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18726,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18727,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18728,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18729,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18730,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18731,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18732,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18733,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18734,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18735,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18736,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18737,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18738,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18739,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18740,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18741,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18742,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18743,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18744,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18745,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18746,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18747,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18748,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18749,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18750,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18751,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18752,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18753,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18754,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18755,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18756,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18757,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18758,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18759,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18760,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18761,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18762,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18763,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18764,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18765,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18766,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18767,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18768,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18769,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18770,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18771,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18772,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18773,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18774,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18775,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18776,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18777,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18778,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18779,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18780,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18781,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18782,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18783,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18784,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18785,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18786,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18787,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18788,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18789,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18790,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18791,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18792,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18793,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18794,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18795,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18796,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18797,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18798,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18799,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18800,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18801,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18802,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18803,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18804,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18805,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18806,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18807,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18808,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18809,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18810,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18811,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18812,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18813,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18814,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18815,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18816,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18817,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18818,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18819,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18820,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18821,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18822,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18823,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18824,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18825,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18826,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18827,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18828,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18829,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18830,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18831,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18832,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18833,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18834,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18835,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18836,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18837,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18838,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18839,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18840,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18841,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18842,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18843,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18844,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18845,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18846,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18847,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18848,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18849,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18850,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18851,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18852,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18853,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18854,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18855,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18856,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18857,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18858,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18859,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18860,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18861,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18862,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18863,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18864,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18865,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18866,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18867,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18868,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18869,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18870,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18871,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18872,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18873,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18874,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18875,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18876,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18877,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18878,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18879,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18880,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18881,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18882,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18883,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18884,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18885,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18886,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18887,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18888,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18889,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18890,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18891,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18892,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18893,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18894,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18895,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18896,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18897,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18898,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18899,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18900,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18901,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18902,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18903,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18904,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18905,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18906,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18907,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18908,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18909,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18910,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18911,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18912,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18913,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18914,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18915,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18916,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18917,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18918,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18919,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18920,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18921,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18922,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18923,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18924,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18925,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18926,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18927,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18928,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18929,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18930,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18931,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18932,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18933,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18934,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18935,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18936,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18937,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18938,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18939,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18940,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18941,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18942,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18943,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18944,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18945,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18946,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18947,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18948,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18949,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18950,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18951,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18952,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18953,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18954,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18955,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18956,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18957,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18958,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18959,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18960,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18961,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18962,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18963,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18964,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18965,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18966,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18967,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18968,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18969,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18970,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18971,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18972,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18973,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18974,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18975,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18976,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18977,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18978,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18979,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18980,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18981,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18982,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18983,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18984,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18985,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18986,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18987,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18988,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18989,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
18990,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
18991,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
18992,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
18993,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
18994,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
18995,5,Not bad,Printers,7
18996,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
18997,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
18998,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
18999,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19000,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19001,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19002,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19003,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19004,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19005,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19006,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19007,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19008,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19009,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19010,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19011,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19012,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19013,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19014,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19015,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19016,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19017,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19018,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19019,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19020,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19021,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19022,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19023,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19024,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19025,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19026,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19027,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19028,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19029,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19030,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19031,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19032,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19033,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19034,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19035,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19036,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19037,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19038,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19039,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19040,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19041,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19042,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19043,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19044,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19045,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19046,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19047,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19048,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19049,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19050,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19051,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19052,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19053,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19054,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19055,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19056,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19057,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19058,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19059,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19060,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19061,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19062,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19063,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19064,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19065,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19066,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19067,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19068,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19069,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19070,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19071,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19072,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19073,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19074,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19075,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19076,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19077,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19078,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19079,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19080,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19081,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19082,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19083,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19084,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19085,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19086,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19087,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19088,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19089,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19090,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19091,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19092,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19093,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19094,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19095,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19096,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19097,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19098,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19099,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19100,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19101,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19102,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19103,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19104,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19105,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19106,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19107,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19108,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19109,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19110,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19111,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19112,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19113,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19114,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19115,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19116,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19117,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19118,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19119,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19120,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19121,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19122,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19123,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19124,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19125,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19126,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19127,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19128,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19129,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19130,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19131,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19132,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19133,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19134,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19135,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19136,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19137,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19138,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19139,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19140,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19141,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19142,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19143,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19144,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19145,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19146,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19147,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19148,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19149,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19150,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19151,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19152,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19153,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19154,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19155,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19156,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19157,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19158,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19159,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19160,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19161,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19162,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19163,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19164,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19165,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19166,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19167,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19168,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19169,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19170,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19171,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19172,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19173,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19174,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19175,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19176,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19177,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19178,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19179,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19180,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19181,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19182,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19183,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19184,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19185,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19186,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19187,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19188,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19189,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19190,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19191,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19192,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19193,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19194,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19195,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19196,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19197,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19198,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19199,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19200,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19201,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19202,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19203,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19204,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19205,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19206,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19207,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19208,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19209,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19210,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19211,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19212,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19213,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19214,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19215,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19216,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19217,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19218,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19219,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19220,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19221,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19222,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19223,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19224,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19225,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19226,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19227,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19228,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19229,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19230,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19231,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19232,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19233,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19234,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19235,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19236,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19237,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19238,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19239,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19240,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19241,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19242,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19243,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19244,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19245,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19246,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19247,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19248,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19249,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19250,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19251,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19252,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19253,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19254,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19255,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19256,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19257,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19258,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19259,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19260,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19261,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19262,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19263,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19264,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19265,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19266,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19267,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19268,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19269,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19270,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19271,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19272,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19273,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19274,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19275,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19276,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19277,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19278,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19279,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19280,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19281,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19282,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19283,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19284,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19285,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19286,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19287,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19288,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19289,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19290,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19291,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19292,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19293,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19294,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19295,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19296,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19297,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19298,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19299,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19300,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19301,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19302,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19303,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19304,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19305,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19306,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19307,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19308,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19309,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19310,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19311,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19312,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19313,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19314,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19315,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19316,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19317,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19318,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19319,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19320,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19321,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19322,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19323,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19324,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19325,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19326,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19327,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19328,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19329,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19330,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19331,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19332,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19333,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19334,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19335,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19336,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19337,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19338,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19339,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19340,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19341,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19342,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19343,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19344,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19345,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19346,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19347,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19348,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19349,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19350,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19351,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19352,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19353,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19354,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19355,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19356,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19357,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19358,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19359,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19360,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19361,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19362,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19363,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19364,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19365,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19366,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19367,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19368,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19369,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19370,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19371,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19372,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19373,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19374,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19375,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19376,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19377,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19378,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19379,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19380,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19381,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19382,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19383,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19384,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19385,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19386,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19387,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19388,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19389,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19390,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19391,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19392,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19393,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19394,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19395,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19396,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19397,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19398,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19399,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19400,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19401,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19402,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19403,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19404,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19405,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19406,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19407,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19408,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19409,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19410,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19411,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19412,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19413,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19414,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19415,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19416,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19417,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19418,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19419,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19420,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19421,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19422,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19423,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19424,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19425,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19426,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19427,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19428,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19429,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19430,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19431,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19432,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19433,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19434,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19435,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19436,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19437,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19438,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19439,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19440,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19441,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19442,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19443,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19444,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19445,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19446,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19447,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19448,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19449,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19450,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19451,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19452,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19453,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19454,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19455,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19456,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19457,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19458,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19459,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19460,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19461,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19462,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19463,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19464,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19465,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19466,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19467,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19468,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19469,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19470,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19471,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19472,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19473,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19474,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19475,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19476,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19477,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19478,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19479,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19480,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19481,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19482,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19483,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19484,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19485,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19486,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19487,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19488,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19489,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19490,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19491,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19492,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19493,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19494,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19495,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19496,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19497,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19498,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19499,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19500,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19501,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19502,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19503,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19504,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19505,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19506,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19507,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19508,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19509,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19510,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19511,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19512,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19513,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19514,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19515,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19516,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19517,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19518,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19519,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19520,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19521,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19522,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19523,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19524,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19525,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19526,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19527,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19528,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19529,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19530,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19531,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19532,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19533,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19534,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19535,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19536,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19537,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19538,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19539,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19540,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19541,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19542,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19543,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19544,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19545,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19546,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19547,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19548,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19549,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19550,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19551,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19552,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19553,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19554,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19555,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19556,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19557,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19558,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19559,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19560,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19561,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19562,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19563,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19564,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19565,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19566,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19567,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19568,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19569,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19570,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19571,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19572,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19573,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19574,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19575,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19576,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19577,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19578,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19579,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19580,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19581,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19582,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19583,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19584,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19585,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19586,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19587,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19588,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19589,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19590,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19591,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19592,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19593,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19594,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19595,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19596,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19597,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19598,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19599,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19600,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19601,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19602,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19603,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19604,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19605,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19606,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19607,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19608,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19609,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19610,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19611,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19612,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19613,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19614,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19615,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19616,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19617,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19618,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19619,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19620,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19621,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19622,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19623,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19624,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19625,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19626,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19627,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19628,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19629,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19630,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19631,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19632,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19633,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19634,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19635,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19636,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19637,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19638,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19639,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19640,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19641,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19642,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19643,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19644,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19645,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19646,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19647,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19648,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19649,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19650,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19651,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19652,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19653,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19654,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19655,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19656,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19657,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19658,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19659,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19660,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19661,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19662,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19663,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19664,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19665,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19666,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19667,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19668,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19669,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19670,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19671,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19672,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19673,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19674,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19675,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19676,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19677,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19678,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19679,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19680,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19681,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19682,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19683,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19684,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19685,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19686,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19687,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19688,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19689,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19690,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19691,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19692,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19693,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19694,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19695,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19696,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19697,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19698,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19699,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19700,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19701,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19702,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19703,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19704,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19705,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19706,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19707,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19708,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19709,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19710,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19711,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19712,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19713,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19714,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19715,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19716,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19717,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19718,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19719,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19720,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19721,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19722,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19723,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19724,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19725,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19726,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19727,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19728,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19729,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19730,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19731,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19732,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19733,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19734,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19735,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19736,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19737,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19738,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19739,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19740,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19741,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19742,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19743,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19744,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19745,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19746,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19747,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19748,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19749,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19750,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19751,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19752,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19753,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19754,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19755,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19756,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19757,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19758,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19759,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19760,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19761,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19762,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19763,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19764,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19765,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19766,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19767,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19768,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19769,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19770,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19771,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19772,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19773,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19774,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19775,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19776,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19777,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19778,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19779,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19780,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19781,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19782,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19783,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19784,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19785,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19786,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19787,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19788,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19789,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19790,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19791,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19792,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19793,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19794,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19795,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19796,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19797,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19798,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19799,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19800,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19801,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19802,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19803,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19804,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19805,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19806,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19807,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19808,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19809,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19810,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19811,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19812,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19813,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19814,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19815,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19816,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19817,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19818,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19819,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19820,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19821,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19822,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19823,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19824,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19825,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19826,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19827,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19828,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19829,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19830,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19831,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19832,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19833,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19834,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19835,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19836,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19837,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19838,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19839,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19840,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19841,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19842,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19843,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19844,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19845,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19846,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19847,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19848,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19849,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19850,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19851,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19852,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19853,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19854,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19855,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19856,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19857,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19858,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19859,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19860,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19861,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19862,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19863,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19864,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19865,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19866,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19867,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19868,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19869,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19870,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19871,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19872,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19873,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19874,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19875,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19876,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19877,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19878,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19879,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19880,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19881,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19882,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19883,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19884,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19885,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19886,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19887,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19888,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19889,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19890,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19891,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19892,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19893,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19894,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19895,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19896,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19897,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19898,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19899,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19900,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19901,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19902,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19903,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19904,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19905,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19906,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19907,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19908,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19909,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19910,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19911,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19912,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19913,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19914,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19915,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19916,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19917,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19918,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19919,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19920,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19921,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19922,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19923,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19924,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19925,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19926,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19927,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19928,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19929,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19930,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19931,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19932,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19933,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19934,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19935,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19936,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19937,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19938,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19939,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19940,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19941,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19942,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19943,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19944,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19945,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19946,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19947,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19948,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19949,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19950,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19951,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19952,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19953,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19954,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19955,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19956,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19957,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19958,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19959,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19960,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19961,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19962,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19963,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19964,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19965,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19966,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19967,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19968,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19969,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19970,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19971,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19972,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19973,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19974,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19975,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19976,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19977,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19978,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19979,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19980,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19981,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19982,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19983,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19984,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19985,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19986,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19987,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19988,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19989,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
19990,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
19991,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
19992,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
19993,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
19994,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
19995,5,Not bad,Printers,7
19996,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
19997,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
19998,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
19999,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20000,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20001,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20002,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20003,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20004,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20005,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20006,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20007,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20008,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20009,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20010,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20011,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20012,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20013,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20014,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20015,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20016,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20017,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20018,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20019,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20020,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20021,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20022,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20023,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20024,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20025,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20026,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20027,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20028,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20029,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20030,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20031,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20032,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20033,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20034,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20035,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20036,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20037,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20038,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20039,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20040,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20041,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20042,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20043,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20044,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20045,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20046,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20047,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20048,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20049,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20050,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20051,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20052,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20053,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20054,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20055,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20056,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20057,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20058,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20059,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20060,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20061,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20062,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20063,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20064,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20065,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20066,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20067,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20068,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20069,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20070,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20071,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20072,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20073,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20074,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20075,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20076,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20077,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20078,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20079,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20080,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20081,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20082,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20083,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20084,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20085,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20086,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20087,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20088,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20089,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20090,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20091,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20092,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20093,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20094,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20095,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20096,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20097,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20098,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20099,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20100,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20101,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20102,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20103,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20104,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20105,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20106,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20107,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20108,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20109,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20110,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20111,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20112,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20113,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20114,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20115,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20116,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20117,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20118,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20119,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20120,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20121,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20122,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20123,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20124,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20125,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20126,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20127,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20128,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20129,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20130,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20131,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20132,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20133,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20134,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20135,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20136,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20137,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20138,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20139,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20140,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20141,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20142,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20143,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20144,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20145,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20146,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20147,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20148,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20149,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20150,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20151,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20152,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20153,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20154,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20155,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20156,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20157,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20158,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20159,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20160,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20161,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20162,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20163,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20164,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20165,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20166,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20167,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20168,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20169,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20170,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20171,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20172,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20173,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20174,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20175,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20176,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20177,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20178,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20179,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20180,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20181,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20182,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20183,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20184,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20185,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20186,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20187,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20188,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20189,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20190,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20191,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20192,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20193,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20194,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20195,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20196,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20197,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20198,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20199,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20200,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20201,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20202,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20203,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20204,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20205,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20206,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20207,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20208,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20209,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20210,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20211,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20212,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20213,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20214,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20215,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20216,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20217,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20218,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20219,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20220,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20221,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20222,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20223,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20224,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20225,5,Not bad,Printers,7
20226,5,Nice 👍,Printers,6
20227,1,Best product at this price range,Printers,32
20228,5,Nice quality camera dangerous pic,Printers,33
20229,5,Superb product! Totally worth the money,Printers,39
20230,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
20231,1,Best dslr and pocket friendly.,Printers,30
20232,3,Camera is very nice but filpcars is vary bad application without any info cancal my order it's a very bhikar application... plz don't order in filpcard,Printers,151
20233,4,Amazing results,Printers,15
20234,5,Properly not working zoom and price also high I will return this product,Printers,72
20235,5,"Very nice product, as I am a fresher there are lots of things to do with this machine 😀",Printers,87
20236,5,OK,Printers,2
20237,1,Super quality..........,Printers,23
20238,5,Cannon 3000D,Printers,12
20239,5,Do not by the product the battery backup is very bad and camera was low blur and there Delivery was slow ahe bad services,Printers,121
20240,5,Good,Printers,4
20241,1,Its product is very nice,Printers,24
20242,5,Love the at this price point value form money product,Printers,53
20243,5,Nice,Printers,4
20244,5,For beginners it's too good,Printers,27
20245,3,Nice camera photo is good battery backup is good,Printers,48
20246,5,No 1 camara Canon EOS 3000D,Printers,27
20247,5,Super value for money. Amazing deal. Highly recommended.,Printers,56
20248,4,Picture quality is ok .,Printers,23
20249,5,It's absolutely best for beginners,Printers,34
20250,4,Good,Printers,4
20251,2,Love it,Printers,7
20252,5,Just amazing battery backup 👌💯,Printers,30
20253,4,Overall good DLS. Display panel could have been better,Printers,54
20254,1,nice but lens will no clarity,Printers,29
20255,1,DSLR quality photos 18 MP with CMOS sensor Memory card was not included.,Printers,72
20256,4,Nice,Printers,4
20257,5,Worst camera,Printers,12
20258,5,Very bad 😑,Printers,10
20259,5,Nice product in low budget,Printers,26
20260,5,Osm camera I have purchased only 21499,Printers,38
20261,4,Super camera,Printers,12
20262,4,Best,Printers,4
20263,5,Money is worthy..🔥,Printers,18
20264,5,Good deal,Printers,9
20265,1,Camera is good but seller has to provide memory card also,Printers,57
20266,5,Nice Product..,Printers,14
20267,5,Good quality,Printers,12
20268,5,Worst experience,Printers,16
20269,5,Quality is super I like very much,Printers,33
20270,5,Good,Printers,4
20271,5,Best budget dslr ever... Awesome pictures quality.. Thank you flipkart... ❤canon❤,Printers,81
20272,3,Camera is osm....,Printers,17
20273,5,Most beautiful,Printers,14
20274,5,Good for beginners.,Printers,19
20275,5,Beginners camera point and shoot only manual settings are not accurate,Printers,70
20276,4,Best for basic learner.,Printers,23
20277,1,Very nice,Printers,9
20278,4,Super,Printers,5
20279,5,Good product and worthy by price..easy to handy as a beginner happy with camera features and picture quality🙂,Printers,109
20280,5,Image Quality is bad,Printers,20
20281,5,Photo quality is best in this price,Printers,35
20282,3,Nice product 😍,Printers,14
20283,5,Very nice,Printers,9
20284,5,Excellent camera. Easy to operate.,Printers,34
20285,4,No bag and memory car,Printers,21
20286,5,Very nice camera,Printers,16
20287,5,Is good working,Printers,15
20288,5,Supper,Printers,6
20289,5,23162 INR GOOD CAMERA. FOR BEGAIMER,Printers,35
20290,5,Very nice camera,Printers,16
20291,4,Best camera 👍,Printers,13
20292,5,Best product but not included camera bag,Printers,40
20293,5,Good quality,Printers,12
20294,5,Camera is good for beginners and I have not received SD memory card slot .no attach memory you want to buy yourself. I have received camera for 20999 in offer but not memory card is not there,Printers,191
20295,4,It’s a amazing product and easy to use budget dslr .the entire level Phorography camera,Printers,87
20296,5,"Awesome purchase.. bought it for 19,999 in flipkart sale... Thanks to flipkart..",Printers,80
20297,5,Wow nice 😍😍,Printers,11
20298,5,Delivered in two days. Got it for 19999 in a deal. No bag and memory card in package as described by other users in reviews. Pics are decent and you can go for quality lens if the given lens are not satisfied. Pics in low light are not great and decent pics with natural day light.  Overall it's a nice camera with good price for beginners to start with and you can learn the tips from canon website or else from youtube.,Printers,421
20299,5,Best dslr at this price segment amazing picture Collett Happy for it. But bag and memory Card was not included in box. It needs to be puchase sepratly. I bot this for 20000,Printers,172
20300,5,Good,Printers,4
20301,5,Great,Printers,5
20302,5,Veery good quality product best dslr in this price.,Printers,51
20303,5,Worth for the money simply superb for the beginers,Printers,50
20304,5,Super quality product 👍 and so valuable item. amazing,Printers,53
20305,5,Excellent product,Printers,17
20306,5,Nice camera value for money my review editing and without editing photo,Printers,71
20307,4,Very nice 🙂,Printers,11
20308,5,Good quality.. Canon... But in side no memory card,Printers,50
20309,5,Nice camera for photography,Printers,27
20310,5,Nice,Printers,4
20311,5,Excellent product ❤️ it 😌,Printers,25
20312,5,But the price is so high,Printers,24
20313,5,Image quality is best 👍,Printers,23
20314,5,Good light weight,Printers,17
20315,5,Tq bro,Printers,6
20316,4,Good product amazing product,Printers,28
20317,5,Best,Printers,4
20318,5,"Excellent camera, I am satisfied with Canon 3000",Printers,48
20319,5,Super,Printers,5
20320,4,One of the best budget dslr for freshers..,Printers,42
20321,5,Camera is good but external flash not supporting to this model and mic option is not available,Printers,94
20322,1,Quality is amazing And wonderful product And I am totally satisfy with the product,Printers,82
20323,4,"Value for money,, better this price",Printers,35
20324,5,Super products love you flipkart and Gadget store seller.,Printers,57
20325,4,Quality is waste not good don't buy,Printers,35
20326,1,I liked the product but price is more,Printers,37
20327,5,Nice capturing 💪,Printers,16
20328,5,Good,Printers,4
20329,5,Worst exp. With purchase ... Very bad seller  Kindly read reviews properly before buying ... Will elaborate my issue soon,Printers,121
20330,5,Very good DSLR in this budget.,Printers,30
20331,5,Good to have this kind of camera,Printers,32
20332,1,Awesome product thanks flipkart,Printers,31
20333,5,Superb !!,Printers,9
20334,5,Rs@21700/- is best price ever..,Printers,31
20335,3,Worsted product not working,Printers,27
20336,4,Very low quality,Printers,16
20337,5,Good product,Printers,12
20338,5,Just okay,Printers,9
20339,5,For normal use or begginer If you want to use for normal/personal use than this is good I,Printers,89
20340,5,Best dslr in low Price,Printers,22
20341,5,Awesome camera,Printers,14
20342,5,Good product,Printers,12
20343,4,Superb,Printers,6
20344,5,Amazing,Printers,7
20345,5,Super.,Printers,6
20346,4,Good cemara,Printers,11
20347,2,Value for money,Printers,15
20348,5,Nice,Printers,4
20349,3,Awesome👍,Printers,8
20350,5,It's ok,Printers,7
20351,5,Nice camera,Printers,11
20352,4,Not bad,Printers,7
20353,4,I love this camera it's osm👌👌,Printers,29
20354,5,Really happy,Printers,12
20355,2,Not bad,Printers,7
20356,5,Wonderful product and dispatch on time.,Printers,39
20357,4,Price range it's a beautiful camera in me thinking..,Printers,52
20358,5,Some card issue if use card wiil dead,Printers,37
20359,5,Very good product,Printers,17
20360,5,It's osm product thanks to canon,Printers,32
20361,5,Nice,Printers,4
20362,5,Good one for beginners.,Printers,23
20363,5,"Perfect at this price, just awesome. Recommended to all.",Printers,56
20364,5,Good Camera,Printers,11
20365,5,Its really good for beginners.,Printers,30
20366,5,Osm recommended to buy😍😍😍😍😍,Printers,27
20367,5,osam,Printers,4
20368,4,Good quality camera,Printers,19
20369,5,Best camera....superb prdct....clarity is also superb..,Printers,55
20370,5,Nice buget dslr 👍👍,Printers,18
20371,3,Very fast delivery .. i love it .. tqsm .❤️😘 ..,Printers,47
20372,5,Basic level photography is awesome...,Printers,37
20373,5,Besy buy please go for it,Printers,25
20374,5,"Best camera for a beginner, But not for a professional photography📸📸",Printers,68
20375,5,It's really cool must buy,Printers,25
20376,5,Best,Printers,4
20377,5,Awesome product for beginners👍👍👍👍👍,Printers,34
20378,5,Nice picture quality,Printers,20
20379,5,Good quality,Printers,12
20380,5,Good,Printers,4
20381,5,Good quality 👌 Reach our expectations,Printers,37
20382,5,Nice 👍👍👍,Printers,8
20383,4,Super camera 📷. Pradumn kushwaha,Printers,32
20384,5,Superb,Printers,6
20385,4,Too good👍👍,Printers,10
20386,5,Very nice,Printers,9
20387,1,Nice to buy this DSLR. Not having the camera bag and usb cable in the box.,Printers,74
20388,5,But sd card not available,Printers,25
20389,5,superb product,Printers,14
20390,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
20391,4,Good product,Printers,12
20392,5,Good,Printers,4
20393,5,"Actually I was feared before purchasing of this product. But after receiving, I am fully satisfied. Thanks to Flipkart got under 20k budget. Only thing, memory card, USB Cable & HDMI Cable are need to be purchased separately.",Printers,225
20394,4,Good Camera but No memory card in the Box,Printers,41
20395,3,"BEST PRODUCT , THANKS FLIPKART",Printers,30
20396,1,Best Camera,Printers,11
20397,4,Price is low but camera is AWESOME,Printers,34
20398,5,Photo capture process is too slow,Printers,33
20399,4,So satisfying with the product and delivery service was excellent. Thank you for your service 🙏❤,Printers,96
20400,4,Many answered in reviews that bag and memory card will get with camera. I didn't get those. Otherwise this is a perfect purchase,Printers,128
20401,5,Good,Printers,4
20402,5,Cool,Printers,4
20403,5,Good product.,Printers,13
20404,5,Best for beginners and value for money,Printers,38
20405,5,"Very nice printer, is worth the purchase. Ideal for Home printing but the black cartridge prints hardly 100 Pages and same with Color cartridge.The cartridge price is costly so I suggest you to Buy GoColor Canon compatible ink's each bottle is of 100 ML and you will find that there's is difference between Original and GoColor ink's. You can refill the cartridge at home in the kit you get everything just watch a video on YouTube and you will save you 96% Printing cost. I have done the same thi...",Printers,500
20406,1,"great !! easy to use ,, budget friendly,, good printing quality,, looks comfortable, weight also user friendly",Printers,110
20407,5,nice product I am a student I ordered this for my work I don't have a computer or a laptop I only have Android phones so I ordered that and now I print the worksheet from this printer very nice printer,Printers,201
20408,5,super Good delivery and canon printer is Good Quality.... value of money.. best product..,Printers,89
20409,4,After using 1 year I am writing  Product seems to good but it make you to spend more money to purchase New cartridges  Believe me never think to purchase it  It's very less efficient for avg class people Cartridges cost you approximately 15-18 hundreds of rupees  Print quality is not good as laser printer  After refilling not expect to see good results  It's very very very bad product it's not allowed you to scan after ink of cartridges goes less  So my suggestion to all those people who want...,Printers,500
20410,4,"Was delivered within 48 hours. Not bad I must say since I ordered it during the current festive season.  What I got with this very neat looking printer -  1. connecting cables 2. color + black ink cartridges 3. Driver cd  Unlike in the reviews mentioned earlier, the printing speed is quite good, scanning is excellent and it just looks so neat sitting in my office back home.  Ideal for home use. Good product. And the price was a steal.  Cheers to Flipkart :)",Printers,461
20411,5,"I loved this oder . The delivery boy's behaviour was also good . Very good product, worth of money and i loved a feature that we can zerox,print and scan. In the last i want to say that very very very very good product.👍🏻👍🏻👌🏻👌🏻🥰😍😘",Printers,230
20412,1,"Looks great but it was very delicate piece nd also careful with plugin points as they are sensitive, overall it is best for home printers. Doesn't have bluetooth or wifi connection only works through cable. Printed nicely and easy to print.",Printers,240
20413,5,For the price of 1999 its a good deal. The printing is very slow. The copy and scan function works fine (good speed). Ink cartridge as usual are costly and one time purchase will sum up-to the printers cost.   The black ink cartridge won't even last 40 papers. Its showing low ink now. I am pretty sure color cartridge will be the same.,Printers,336
20414,5,"Timely delivery. Print quality is excellent. Easy to install. Got it at the best price. As usual, happy with my shopping experience",Printers,131
20415,5,printer is very good but it's cartage is not good because it prints less than 100 copies and even after cartage is empty than new cartage cost is very high.. So I don't recommend this printer to anyone.,Printers,202
20416,4,"its a good printer, but i found it little slow to start printing. the scanner is really awesome which give good clarity",Printers,119
20417,5,Very nice product . I am loving it . best printer at this price,Printers,63
20418,5,Amazing printer But cartridge is expansive But there is a way you can save your money by refilling your cartridge Just purchase ANG refill ink and fill cartridge You can see videos in youtube of cartridge refill By this way you can save your money upto 95 % Once again product is amazing Thanks flipkart for fast and safe delivery ❤,Printers,332
20419,3,So far it's good . I got a little blinding edges but it's just minor details . The colour print quality is pretty amazing it's like the ones we get cafes . Yes buying the ink will be expensive . Printed some cartoons and I'm happy they look amazing.,Printers,249
20420,4,"PROS: 1. Available at cheap price. 2. Decent for less amount of printing. 3. Scanner is fast and colour accurate.  CONS: 1. Ink capacity is too low, hardly prints 40 pages with the cartridge included. 2. Print speed is too slow. 3. Cartridge are costly as compared to other printer.  Suggestion: Get a cartridge refill kit which has all essential tools required and good quality ink! Happy Printing :)",Printers,401
20421,2,Best thing is abt the cartridges are very easily available and they can be refilled as well unlike most of the other printer.  Scanning Quality and speed is great as compared to others.,Printers,185
20422,5,The product you sent me had faulty scanner.the service centre was nearby so.i got it fixed .. this not a good thing. But i am a kind person so i will buy another one and give this seller another chance ..  Btw its a good printer like hp1050,Printers,240
20423,5,"I am writing this review after 4 years of use. The printer worked fine for whole 4 years. Easy to scan and xerox. Print quality is good. Cartidge is costly. After using for 4.5 years, it is showing some software error. Canon Service Centre is asking for 2500/- (same as the printer price) to reset the processor IC of the printer. Hence I placed an order for a new one again from Flipkart.",Printers,389
20424,2,Pros: 1. Decent Product for home use (only for printing and copying). Printing speed is average. Easy to troubleshoot  Cons: 1. Configuring scanner is a big head-ache. The driver given along with the product wont be compatible or have some issues with Win7(I tried with 2 laptops and a desktop). Communicated with Canon support to sort it out. But again stopped working in a months time 2. Makes lot of noise while printing.  Verdict: You can use this product only for printing and copying. I...,Printers,495
20425,1,"Product Name: Canon PIXMA MG2470 All-in-One Inkjet Printer (Grey White) -------------  Introduction: Multi-Function device that scans, copies and prints. -------------  Features/Uses: -------------- -Provided with a 1 year Canon India warranty -Supports USB 2.0 access and requires external power -Comes with software installation disk and color ink cartridges -The Canon PIXMA is an all-in-one printer that prints, scans, and copies  Advantages: ----------- -Offers support for Linux systems with...",Printers,500
20426,5,it is good and viry high compartiable product it can scan fast and it can print with a good print its good printer so many of them should by withs seller,Printers,153
20427,4,This printer is good also it can be used to copy but this is not good for scanning. scanning option is seen anywhere. printing and coping is clear and good. good for homely use.,Printers,177
20428,4,"It's been a week since I bought the product and still haven't been successful in getting it connected to an android phone. Downloaded two apps and still not done. Such products should have longer duration for returns and should also have refund options. I still haven't managed. If there is anyone to support or guide, pls contact.",Printers,331
20429,5,"Well agree to some of the reviews made that it is slow, however note that it happens only while using it for the first time.  After the color test page is printed, you will see that the printing speed is comparatively better.  Ink Cartridge are a bit expensive and even one of the ink gets finished you wont be able to use Printer, the best alternative would be ink colors that are available in flipkart.  Delivery was as usual best by Flipkart.",Printers,445
20430,1,Best printer with reliable price. Easy setup and installation. Works excellent with Linux OS as no need to supply CD and driver. Everything is done by linux itself.,Printers,164
20431,3,very good product and nice printing.. I am really very happy ....but ink cartridge ends very quickly and not used to others purpose.,Printers,132
20432,4,Before time delivery and well packed. Very good printer for domestic use.. Good quality printing and scanning. Recommended product from my side in the price range.,Printers,163
20433,4,"Well despite the fact that its a good brand. The product is not worth buying. I bought it some 8 month back and believe me it has hardly given some good response and hardly got 30 copy printed. Such a Waste of money, instead get it xerox from store and get a good one.",Printers,268
20434,3,it works amazing with low cost printing quality is very nice . well product,Printers,75
20435,5,"Not bad for price you pay, i was mainly looking for scanner and it does work so no complain. I struggled to do setup though, it took 1 day to figure out that it only works when you insert both cartridge, as my plan was to scan i didn't put color cartridge and that caused error 214021. Wish there could have been some better info on this... Printer is also good but ink drys too fast so don't expect much out of it.",Printers,415
20436,5,good product at low price. good for home use specially for school project. delivery was done by GATI. could be more efficient. Flipkart just love you for your offers .,Printers,167
20437,5,Hey..! I've been using this canon pixma as my first printer for about 6 months..!  Pros : It is really cost efficient..my usual cartridge refill last about 2 months of basic home usage+projects 2. It is scanner + printer which both works fine. 3. Doesn't take much space and sheets Cons : Sometimes dont give efficient results.some smudges and print on paper Paper takes too much time to get recieved in printer Overall its a good product but only recomment it for home use.🎀🎀,Printers,476
20438,5,Very nice product in affordable price.delivery was good.packing was awesome .printer working very much fine .,Printers,109
20439,5,This printer has helped a lot in my projects.Tjis is a gorgeous printer that I have never seen.The owner of this printer would be very happy and in a favorable mood since from first day of buying this printer.,Printers,209
20440,4,Superb very friendly for personal use very fast and good quality love it,Printers,72
20441,5,"Excellent product in seal pack . Lowest price for an all in one . Good quality printing , scanning . Easy to handle for personal use",Printers,132
20442,5,The most important thing is it has a refill friendly cartridge which according to me is a very important feature in the current market...the print quality is good...the scan quality is awesome..flipkart gave it to me within 16 hours..by which i was totally surprised...a must buy cuz its too good a machine for this price...,Printers,324
20443,4,"Received the printer in good condition. It looks modern, and the shape and size is pleasing to the eye. It installed fairly easily. Found it convenient to use. Printout is of sufficiently good quality. Overall, a good product. The price of the printer is low, so I don't think that the printing costs are going to be very good.",Printers,327
20444,3,This is the 2nd time I am buying this printer. This is a very good printer for ur home and not for heavy usage. I brought this printer again coz refilling of the catriges is very simple and can be done at home. I refilled my previous printer catriges almost 7-8 times. You can get many videos on utube on refilling Cannon pixma catriges. If u buy new cartriges it will cost u around Rs 600-700 for black and Rs 800-900 for colour. It's better if u refill the catriges at home every refilling will ...,Printers,500
20445,2,"Great product for an average user, it's perfect for office or school work and the best thing it's color cartridges ain't much costly either.",Printers,140
20446,2,LOVE THIS PRINTER AT THAT PRICE PROS- GOOD DPI PRINTING AND SHARP PRINTING THAN OTHER PRINTERS AT SAME PRICE FAST PHOTO SCANNING DRIVERS ARE AVILABLE IN ONLINE ALSO CARTRIAGES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE IN STORE EASSY SETUP AND HANDDLING REFIILABLE CARTRIGES SOME EXTRA ADDITIONAL PRINTING FETURES ARE AVAILABLE IN THIS PRINTER'S APPLICATION 80% MAINTANNCE AND DIAGNOSTICS ARE COMPLITED BY THE APPLICATION AVAILABLE ACANING QUALITY AND PRINTING QUALITY SETTINGS(MANUALLY) BEST FOR HOME USE UNIVERSEL US...,Printers,497
20447,4,printer is good but only give 100-150 black and White And 50-70 colour page in Starter Cartidge. And thr Photo Printing is Not Good... I recommend you to go for better printer. u can only use it if you are student.,Printers,214
20448,5,"You'd better not to buy this. Yes, printer cost is comparatively low and print quality is also excellent. But what about the printing cost? Highly expensive. Ink cartridges (XL) cost is more than that of the printer itself. No other similar cartridges available in the market so that you have an option which one to buy. Better not to buy it, event if it is a cheap and good quality. We have to keep in mind- A printer is not a show-piece; it has to print day to day.",Printers,467
20449,5,"Product quality is good. But the Ink cartridge is small with the printer in two numbers (ie. Colour & black) Refill cartridge cost above Rs.800/-. Flipkart delivery boy insisted the ""home"" delivery in our area, we given the delivery address clearly at the time of booking with Pincode. After few argument, finally they delivered ""on the road"" nearer to the address given. I am not happy with the delivery, that is why 2 star rating given.",Printers,438
20450,4,This product is good and very nice. at normal price and getting good quality product anyone can buy this product black and white colour print nice,Printers,146
20451,5,Nice work printer is good Light wait with nice print,Printers,52
20452,5,printing is really superb ... Canon is the best product.... and finally Flipkart always given a genuine product ...and in time delivery.. tq so much such a wonderful opportunity for us...,Printers,187
20453,5,"Got very fast delivery. Good printer for home use. Kids project, home Photocopy, Prints for personal use etc. Good quality for above purpose. Quick installation and ready to use if you know about printers.",Printers,205
20454,2,Awesome results in colored pictures..best printer for home use..it has also Xerox and scanner.. thank you Flipkart for quick delivery... thank you canon for make this printer in very less prices..,Printers,196
20455,5,Best quality and good printing speed.Easy to install and setup. But the delivery time was little late. Best product to buy. Go for it. Simply loved it,Printers,150
20456,4,Very nice product i am satisfied in this product Delivery on time thankyou flipkart for giving us a wonderful experience with this product. This product cost is 2799 but i got at 1999,Printers,183
20457,5,"it's not good Or not bad,,.. It's work too much slower.. but not bad... it's ink Is not working longer ... I'm not happy with this INK problem... Thanks to Flifkart....",Printers,168
20458,4,Packing is awsome ! Prints a bit slow but thats good enoght for that price ! Works fine,Printers,87
20459,5,It's Amazing I like this one but the quality is good but it can be better with some improvements,Printers,96
20460,5,Very nice product awesome product for me print fine and scan very fine photo copy print good quality.....,Printers,105
20461,5,"Till now it work very fine ,cartrege ink consume very fast ,otherwise it is good product at this price ,",Printers,104
20462,4,Printer is very good but ink finished off soon both black and colour The print pages doesn't exceed more than 50 also better to go for laser print,Printers,146
20463,4,Very good looking product and so clean printing of this printer I love it because the quality of this print is so nice......,Printers,124
20464,4,Well product and proper work well printing and smoth printin,Printers,60
20465,5,It is good and works smoothly . Overall very good product.,Printers,58
20466,5,Good quality and best price.. Very trendy and handy to use at work place..,Printers,74
20467,5,Good product. Value for money. Appreciate the delivery period. Handy tool for children's for their project works. Worth buying it.,Printers,130
20468,3,"its a good printer, but i found it little slow to start printing. the scanner is really awesome which give good clarity",Printers,119
20469,2,such a nice machine it's not like ricket science easy to install works well compact design BUT it takes 2-3 seconds to dry the ink,Printers,130
20470,5,super nice and super cool,Printers,25
20471,5,it's compact for colour .it's too use 650 copies colours.and throw it. just use like use and throw product . simplyfy if one colour copy is 5 rupees the how much for 650 copies it's very useful,Printers,193
20472,3,Best t Best Buy on Flipkart nice to print absolutely fine,Printers,57
20473,4,"It is doing fairly good job in printing, scanning and copying. It comes very handy at home for children projects and small printing and photocopying tasks. One important thing to note: - in specifications, flipkart has given NO duplex print option. But it has MANUAL DUPLEX PRINTING OPTION. Printer interface is guiding how to change paper for printing on second side of the paper. I took printout on both sides of paper through MS word and PDF files. I am much satisfied with its performance.",Printers,493
20474,5,A very great printing is done by this awesome printer. Budget friendly as well as excellent performance is what I review.Must buy from Flipkart cuz of amazing price and fast delivery.,Printers,183
20475,5,This printer works only 2 months after refined ink not work in perfectly,Printers,72
20476,4,Very good deal at 2k. Black cartridge cost 500 and colour 700. Do all work nicely. Do not support through otg or android mobile. No app supports its driver. Mg2500 driver on android apps does the work but thos apps are charging rs500.,Printers,234
20477,5,"I got this for office work, prints and photo prints at home. Its amazingly user friendly i installed this and use it with laptop. Best part is they hv given both ink cartridges with this. I had A4 size paper with me. Only prob is it doesn't connects with any mobiles as USB point is for laptop or pc. I had to watch YouTube videos though as manual is bakwaas n cd dekhne ka tym nahi hai. But really excellent print outs n fast.",Printers,427
20478,5,"In this budget, it gives great service. I have bought it specially for scanning purpose. It gives good scanned images as well as scanned pdf documents. Its printing quality is also good.",Printers,186
20479,4,purchased this product a few days back. Recieved on time and it is working perfectly and value for money. the best all in one printer at affordable price. As i know it is the only printer with multi-functions and at such low cost in the market right now. So guys go for it.,Printers,273
20480,4,I'm a student and this printer is so helping me in project works and my many other works of schools. I like it .,Printers,112
20481,5,"The product is good and very easy to use but when we fill ink and use it causes some destructionions s,I wanted to say is it is good but follow instruction from given paper and also check in youtube how to operate and make it work thank uuuu",Printers,241
20482,5,"good product, nice image printing, good zeros quality, I am Happy this product.",Printers,79
20483,5,Good at 1999 rs only. Cartridge price is more. but you can install ciss system to get affordable prints and easy to refill.,Printers,123
20484,5,"Great multi function printer at a great discounted price. printed picture quality is awesome, but using more ink cartridge than my regular hp printer. buy overall it's a great deal for 1999/-",Printers,191
20485,4,i m using this printer continiously abd just working fine ..... print and xerox speed is quite good ..... ink is very costly bt for home use this is perfect ..... as usual flipkart delivered me tgis product as the scheduled time ..... packaging is good enough for damage protection .....,Printers,287
20486,4,"I'm very glad to use this device ,me and my family members are very happy after buying this product .I love shopping products in Flipkart .tqs for providing such good products",Printers,175
20487,5,Good product easy to use..... Ctridge price little high but no Problem gets very clear and quality printouts... Thank you flipkart for this good service,Printers,152
20488,5,Good product i like and my family also like and and very fast service thank you felipcard,Printers,89
20489,5,Good printer in this range. It is fast and smooth. And also easy to use.,Printers,72
20490,5,I buy the canon pixma mg 2470 at 21october2016 morning( Rs-2199 ) it not just a good it very much good product. It working very super. Copy ( xerox) is one tuch to print. Scan super.and also print is very super. Only pair to pc. Mobile not sutable for usb connection.,Printers,267
20491,5,Good printer for home or small office used and flip kart delivery awesome asusual print quality black and colour is good scan is good very nice package in 2000 rs,Printers,162
20492,4,"Worth it..!! Thank y'all team Flipkart for giving us a great deal on this printer, appreciate it..",Printers,98
20493,4,It is very good printer.All the colour are right.I loved to buyed it.I want to thank canon company for this wonderful printer,Printers,125
20494,4,"This printer was very good and the price is great the printer has multiple functions and it's very easy to take print package was very very nice thanks to #flipkart.The box contains printer,power cable,USB cable,and intalllination softwareCD",Printers,241
20495,5,I got this product on big billion day 2014 for Rs 0.....yes....zero :) Have been using this product since. Works fine till now. The product is shipped with two partially filled cartridges- color and black which is the best thing because once your cartridges are finished you need around 2000 rs to buy new pair of cartridges. Refilling is also an option and work up to around 10 times on black but clarity will be on the downside. The main disadvantage is the ink consumption. Each time printer...,Printers,497
20496,5,"It is my heartful review about the product. I bougth this product last month at a resonable price of Rs.2500 and after expering its performance for a month I'm writing this. This is a good product to buy on comparing the other printers at this price range as it supports print, scan n copy options it is very good n efficient one n the only lag is it doesnt have the wireless faccility, otherwise it will be the ultimate one. As Im a loyal customer for flipkart, I wont hesitate to give a bad revi...",Printers,500
20497,3,VERY NICE PERFORMANCE!!! AT ALL !!!!!! #### RELIABLE #### GENUINE ##### PRODUCT ##### !!!! I am very happy to owned this product its so much useful and also at cheap price i got... i ll prefer to those who will to by official or home use only #### Its Nice ####,Printers,261
20498,5,Its been a long time i was searching for a good printer which i can use for printing as well as scanning. Brought Canon Printer last week.. Really amazed with the product..Printing is good.. I really have to say big thank you to flipkart. The product was delivered within a day.. I loved it,Printers,290
20499,4,"This is really great product with print , scan , copy feature. Though the company promised that it will has normal speed, it is printing with excellent speed and quality. Very quality product from Canon and thanks for flipkart for this product and quick delivery.",Printers,263
20500,5,"Got a printer - All in one - for a steal!! Less than 3k is just good. That too, Canon. Performance is good but i am sure the ink is going to cost a lot. Hope it gives sufficient prints on a full cartridge. What i don't like about it is, it makes a lot of noise when fetching the paper in order to start printing. First i felt as if some part is broken. It was too loud. But then i realized, it is maybe because of the cost cutting that some things were compromised. Another issue is that it doesn'...",Printers,500
20501,4,"Awesome product , quality product from canon . original , authentic product . well packed , same day delivery. good for office and also good for home use . just u have to refill cartage.. the only thing is its a lil bit slow in printing ,but no issue worth of money . go ahead . buy it !!! thanku flipkart ~!!!!!",Printers,312
20502,3,"Excellent delivery by Flipkart. I got the printer by 2 days of ordered. Basically about this printer , I just say a good deal for home use purpose. It's quality of printing is OK but takes lil more ink than usual... Overall I am quite happy with it..",Printers,250
20503,4,"its a good printer, but i found it little slow to start printing. the scanner is really awesome which give good clarity",Printers,119
20504,5,"It a good product. For the specification and options it has it actually good deal. Though I experienced little problem, service was quick and friendly so I find it value for money.",Printers,180
20505,5,its good for such a low price . but the ink ends up so fast.scanning is perfect . on time delivery .iam satisfied with the product,Printers,130
20506,4,"Do you believe? About 80% of people are buying product based on the review and thats how these online shoppers gain trust..  Anyways, about this product its good and compact in design. It has few important features like coping, scanning etc. This product is worth to buy but the greatest drawback will lye on its cartridge. One black cartridge cost around Rs.800 and it can print only 150 pages so image the printer cost Rs.2400 but the single cartridge cost rs.800 now we can make out how we get ...",Printers,500
20507,4,"The printer is good.Quality of printing is also good, easy to use and install. All the functions are very simple and easy to use. Good product and that too on very good price.",Printers,175
20508,4,Nice Product. Excellent Price. Delivered Fast. Quality Service. Easy to USE. SCANNER-PRINTER-PHOTOSTAT Features. Great Buy. Bought for INR 2099 in Offer.,Printers,153
20509,4,"Very useful and reliable home printer. It has both scanning and printing , both works seamlessly. Very easy to use by anyone. Good for general use. Top margin: 3mm, Bottom margin: 16.7mm, Left / Right margin: each 3.4mm (LTR / LGL: Left: 6.4mm, Right: 6.3mm)",Printers,258
20510,5,i used the product and its quiet simple and easy to handle makes a very good purchase for INR 2000 and also the print quality is good,Printers,133
20511,4,"Good all in one printer, Can be a worthy product. I recommend for all home users. For personal use very handy and eazy applications",Printers,131
20512,4,"good and product delivery also given in one day. good to use this canon MG 2470 printer, easy to install software in laptop and easy to carry printer .",Printers,151
20513,4,i lyk ds printer..frst we r confusd to buy product online dt product wll be good or not...but whn dey deliverd ds item n whn we startd wrkng on it..it is good ..really now we trust online shoppng especially through flipkart....,Printers,227
20514,4,"I got it for occasional use like getting photcopy, printing documents etc. have used it a couple of times since past 4 months its working fine, looks decent scanner, photcopy, printing quality both colour and black and white is decent for normal use...................... if u looking for ocassional use at home i would say............... go for it",Printers,348
20515,5,its a good product i like it the print quality is awsome simple look copy is better than xerox machine,Printers,102
20516,5,I just wanted to print documents once in a while. Not a heavy user so it is good for me. It is light weight print quality is also good. Works fine with macbook. Colour is also good and presentable on any desk. If you are a heavy user or need it for professional prints maybe go for higher end models. Wish it was wireless but cant complain much at the price.,Printers,358
20517,5,"This is a printer for normal use... The photocopy and the print quality are good and clear. It does all my works of printing, scanning and photocopy. The only thing that i didnt like is that it makes sounds while printing. However it is an inkjet printer, all inkjet printer does that. Best buy at such price",Printers,308
20518,4,Being delivering whatever I want from the time I got it. Perfect for home/official use. 2 to 3 months now and still holding up on the initial set of inks. Good product and I do not think one has to think twice for going for it. Delivered on time by Flipkart. Thanks for bringing the product to us.,Printers,297
20519,5,"This one made the life easy from day we bought it, previously it was like draining money for color printouts for kids projects and each color print out costed close to Rs 10. Once we had this printer hooking up was easy with Windows 7 and quick start up and then completing projects by kids was easy. The best was copy part kids can do by them self and color prints from system are as good as any color Xerox .  The only hiccup was ink, which would run out quickly if we do heavy printing, but w...",Printers,498
20520,5,A budget printer with nice features at this price.... it gives out clarity print outs and the ink is also good go for it ......................................,Printers,159
20521,4,"this product comes out with the best price and best outcome. i am writing this review after taking print outs nearly 70 pages till now. it comes with cd and 2 ink cartridges , easy to install and use. A little bit nosiy when prints come out. other than that no issues till now. u can go for it. a great value for money i say.",Printers,325
20522,5,"Nice all in one printer. Ordered it last week and got it delivered in a day to my surprise :) Nice Packaging. It comes with 2 demo Cartridges (1 Black/1 Color). Printer auto detect on Windows 7 did not work. Installation of drivers from CD is a slow process and took around 30 mins. However, after installation, the Print quality and the scan quality is nice overall. Overall it'sa great vlaue for money (I got it at 2400/-) and a recommended buy for basic printing of documents/photos/copy/sc...",Printers,496
20523,4,"good at this affordable price as it offers multifunction printing, scanning n copying and all working well.. but it is good for only small consumption rate",Printers,155
20524,4,"This is a good product which can do print, scan & copy. Great value for money which is achieved. really satisfied with the product performance",Printers,142
20525,4,100% paise wasool Product I Don't Know about refilling but rest is awesome printing quality is very good can print picture to in very good quality at this price canon and flip-kart rocks delivery is very fast.,Printers,209
20526,4,Printer is good but cartridge capacity is too little.also it does not have led display like PIXMA 258. for multiple xerox copy u cant increase the no of copies from printer itself. you have to take each copy by pressing button again and again and printer will scan same copy everytime. sometime its very frustrating. rest is good and be aware that cartridge will run out of frequently,Printers,384
20527,4,a very good printer with very good specifications gives nice prints and colour prints are excellent if you know to refill the cartigde,Printers,134
20528,3,"I have bought this printer,it very good option to have in home for assignment print out etc.I am satisfied with product & delivery time maintained by Flipkart. In my opinion worth having this product.  Tanwir Alam",Printers,213
20529,5,I placed order for this printer on 23rd of June and Received tomorrow afternoon 27th june around 2pm.  now i am going to write review for this printer after using 1.5day.  This Printer is Good. Printing Quality is Awesome u cant get this quality in HP printer's under 5k  Installation is very Easy Any small kid can install this printer without any trouble. No 1st time Alignment setup like HP. i love this thing.  It come with 2 Cart. 1 color 1 black  Scanning Quality is Also Better Than HP AIO...,Printers,499
20530,5,awesome working.. i am happy with it.. dont think unnecessary.. just use it if u r going to buy cheapest printer scanner photocopy.. dont get distract by heavy price unaffordable cartage.. just watch some youtube videos to fill the ink in cartage and go for it.. * : well packed ** : nice working *** : recieved on time **** : Quality of product ***** : saving the fifth star for another experience..,Printers,400
20531,5,This printer is nice print quality is also good u can print photographs on photo paper with good quality ...start goes a little bad bad later it was good ...its a nice printer if u buy it at a discounted price given by flipkart...and yes it's not for office use but surely for home use..,Printers,287
20532,5,"it is nice for daily use , scanning is more than good... cartridge capacity is bit low, but if u know how to refill it than its not the issue... and printing on gossy paper is not good enough as the print get off by little scratches only. black color on glossy is poor... over all a nice printer at this price ..",Printers,312
20533,4,I fell in love with the product the moment I saw holy matrimony between the brand and the price tag :) Its a gorgeous product and extremely easy to install (no need of a specialist). It has a scanner and also gives B/W and Colour Prints which was a surprise. The quality of the prints is also very nice and can be easily used for projects and any home assignments. The cartridge replacement is extremely easy and there are numerous tutorials on YouTube which shows how to replace and refill with e...,Printers,500
20534,4,"This is a best budget printer in market. Price of 2200 with copy, scan & printer  Pro's : Best Price Dedicated button for black & White / Color Photocopy compact printer  Con's : small cartridge, ink might not last for more than even 50-60 pages. you should know how to refill by self.  Apart from that every thing with printer is good, printing color is good as per price. it good product for value",Printers,399
20535,5,very super packing from filpkart love this product easy fit. driver is suitable for laptop. Ideal for home use. Good product. And the price rate also adjustable.,Printers,161
20536,5,As the brand itself Canon is best and this product from Canon is as good as other high cost printers from other manufacturers. Print Quality is Awesome. It gives nice color output too. Last Words Recommended,Printers,207
20537,4,i purchased this for 4months ago... its a nice product.. but ink cost is high.. scanner is amazing.. it supports both photo sheet and normal paper.. its good for scanning all around in a4 size and less than that,Printers,211
20538,3,"Received This item within 24 hours.Thank You Flipkart. I must say since I ordered it during the current App day season.I got it at 2039 Rs only.  What I got with this very neat looking printer -  1. connecting cables 2. color + black ink cartridges 3. Driver cd  Unlike in the reviews mentioned earlier, the printing speed is quite good enough fast in this price, scanning is excellent and its looks very nice.  Ideal for home use. Good product. And the price was a steal. Go to it.If you buy th...",Printers,498
20539,5,i purchased it from flipkart. it is one of the best printers for home use as well as student use.some customers are blaming that it consumes more in but we should also see the price. its printing quality is best (more than hp) at last best and pest,Printers,248
20540,5,Yes its a nice product . Print quality is good and also its scan quality is pretty good. I purchased it from Flipkart. It was delivered rite on time and having a very good packing,Printers,179
20541,5,if it is working properly then it is best choice for home but when not working it is worst .... its cartridge cost is very high ... its cartridge is not refillabe ... once i refilled its cartridge but aftr refilling it didn't work ...,Printers,234
20542,5,"i have received this printer in 2 days thanks to quick deliver by flipkart... packing is so good, very nice printer for this price range.... my only word to all is just go for it it's really cool and compact.... thank you flipkart !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",Printers,247
20543,5,very good printer and scanning also nice with no extra sound and easy handling.you can refill it after 1st cartridge no need to buy another cartridge.,Printers,150
20544,5,"nice useful product ... reliable and worth the money... Must buy for gadget lovers... Best for the money spent if not heavy printing requirement as costly printing...  But for home use, must buy...",Printers,197
20545,5,excellent product for personal use...i brought this printer for just Rs.1942 on offer in flipkart.delivery within a week with safety.i used this printer.its very compact and easily useable product.. i recommend this product...,Printers,226
20546,3,"the printer is nicely packed. i bought it for rs.2399, during festive season. the printing speed is low. but it is good printer for a low price.",Printers,144
20547,5,I am already having RICOH laser printer which takes 0.5 paise for printing.As i need scanner this all in function printer is cheaper than scanner and its colour printer also.So i brought this one. Pros: *)Good Scanner and copy function. *)Color Ink depth is good.You can take passport photos at home. *)Scanning speed is good but Its OK..Not too fast as it needs 20-40 secs. *)Printing speed is better than HP. Cons: *)Slow speed of color printing and Black and white printing is some what faste...,Printers,498
20548,5,hi friends this multifunction printer is very good at working.it is an amazing product....i really love this.its the best product in the range of 2k.every thing is fine with this product but a small pron is that the catridge is a bit costlier to buy....,Printers,253
20549,5,printer is in good condition and its worth of price i got this only for 1800 . by purchasing through mobile app. and this printer is only suitable for home purpose.,Printers,164
20550,5,"It has amazing printing quality to its price value and its light weighted.. Amazing packing by Flipkart. If u r budgeted and looking for a nice printer with all in 3-in-one facility then, this is the best choice. 5 stars",Printers,220
20551,3,Flipkart delivered this product before in time and in good condition ........... everything is fine ......regarding print quality it is ok and best suit for home purpose......,Printers,175
20552,5,Flipkart delivered this product in 4 days. Nice Packing. Printing quality and Photo Print Speed is too good. We cant expect more in this Budget. It crops scanned docs automatically. Its really nice feature time. Overall I m very satisfied with this. And Coming to Ink Cartridges cost is very high. Better to fix ciss ink tank.,Printers,326
20553,4,"This printer (Cannon PIXMA MG2470) provide excellent printout as well as scan quality. It has easy to use feature, simple and clear. The software provide easy to use function. The packing is excellent an there is no damage even to the cardboard cover",Printers,250
20554,5,"i received this printer much before the standard delivery date, kudos to flipkart for fastest delivery.  The Product is a good and user friendly, however very slow in printing in comparison to HP all in one printer also the INK received along with printer gave hardly 70 prints in Black and white before it finished, Colour print wasn't used much hence not sure about how long it will last and price for a black ink cartridge is approximately between 800- 900 rupees.  The Scanner works pretty wel...",Printers,500
20555,5,I received the printer with excellent packing & with well managed system. I unpacked & gave trail colour print out of Ashtavinayak wikepedia.Excellent prints came out. I am happy with printer and service also.  Thanks & Regards. Sujit Kulkarni. For Renuka Tech,Printers,260
20556,5,Prints slowly but an awesome choice at a reasonable price. Highly recommend this product for anyone looking for a printer at home. Flipkart does a great job in delevering the product on time with minimum hassle.,Printers,211
20557,5,The most important thing is it has a refill friendly cartridge which according to me is a very important feature in the current market...the print quality is good...the scan quality is awesome..flipkart gave it to me within 16 hours..by which i was totally surprised...a must buy cuz its too good a machine for this price...,Printers,324
20558,4,Pros: Cost: The MRP is 3995-/ but in flipkart is cost 2990.  Was well packed and got it on time.  It can be attached to your PC/Tablet.  Easy to configure and use. Drivers can also be found online.  Auto Power On/Off  Cons Printing takes more time,Printers,247
20559,3,very good,Printers,9
20560,5,think with ink awsm 👍👍👍,Printers,23
20561,5,amazing quality.,Printers,16
20562,5,Good,Printers,4
20563,5,nice printing and nice scaning l love very much,Printers,47
20564,3,"Canon pixma printer is easy to use , lightweight, with xerox, and with both colour and black and white print out and xerox.",Printers,123
20565,4,I'm from North East (Bodoland) ....I always trust Flipkart..... Simply Excellent Product.....😊😊😊 Thanks Flipkart,Printers,112
20566,5,printer is good but it is white elephant. one black ink cost 900-1000 and max life is 3 month and 60 print out you can take. pl dont buy.,Printers,137
20567,1,Product is very good but cartage is very expensive so don't buy this product in hol life,Printers,88
20568,1,good product.,Printers,13
20569,4,"The product is running very fine ,print quality is good. It is still running in the same cartridge not required ti change. Its software has a unique features like android gallery. Thanks to flipkart for providing me in offer price of 2499/-",Printers,240
20570,4,Ink consunption is very fast,Printers,28
20571,1,Its not user friendly. it consumes ink very fast. ink to the page ratio is very less. my scanner stopped working too.,Printers,117
20572,1,gd product,Printers,10
20573,1,nice,Printers,4
20574,5,Not a good product just used for 60 printouts cartridge completed and cartridge cost is too high.i am disappointed with this product,Printers,132
20575,4,This product is very poor l. This is not working properly. Ink is not working. Dear friends plz don't buy this item. Waste of money only...,Printers,139
20576,5,I need to refill the cartridge everyday. Hardly gives me 50 printouts per cartridge. Not at all good for office use.,Printers,116
20577,5,"Best Printer Under Budget Fast Printing , Light Weight LOVE THIS PRODUCT",Printers,72
20578,2,Nice. good quality printer from canon..,Printers,39
20579,5,good product,Printers,12
20580,4,Nice Product,Printers,12
20581,1,"Hi, this is Javed Who Purchased & Used this product since last 5 months, it is very good in pricing but it is very very bad in terms of maintaining, i mean it's ink, TOO COSTLY.",Printers,177
20582,4,Nice product with good discount Does the well. Just used it for 10 days  Have to c the cartridge consumption,Printers,108
20583,1,"Does the job. Nothing great. Nothing bad so far. Ink consumption is a bit high. But its ok for occasional prints,",Printers,113
20584,1,After 10-20 copies the cartridge gets empty. You will have to buy a new ink cartridge @ RS 499 from Flipkart. So apparantly you will end up paying RS 25 per copy.,Printers,162
20585,5,Best Printer Low Price Best Quality.👍i,Printers,38
20586,5,bad product because its error prints,Printers,36
20587,5,no action print,Printers,15
20588,2,very good printer. printing quality is too good.,Printers,48
20589,5,"Product is very very nice. Scanning, copying and printing all the three operations are very accurate. Nice quality of all three features. Setup of printer is also very user friendly.",Printers,182
20590,1,good,Printers,4
20591,4,Cartridge is costier than printer...only 30 prints from the cartridge....Don't buy it...Spend more money in other products,Printers,122
20592,4,very very very very good super,Printers,30
20593,5,plz dont by this product ink jet is verry cosly black in 500 - 15 pages only and color 800-10 pages only,Printers,104
20594,1,Product is very good....and good quality .... Packing was horrible...,Printers,69
20595,2,"cartridges are provided with this printer at the time in box package or not, because this is not specified in the sales",Printers,119
20596,5,amazing and super thank you filpkart,Printers,36
20597,5,Please don't buy this printer.. the cartridge gets over after 20 prints and scanner sometimes strucks I would like to say you to go for a ink tank printer where you can add inks..,Printers,179
20598,1,wow after 8 months usage i sold this coz iNk prices 60% of the amount of printer !! Keep calm store money go with laser jet or something else which cartridge supports refilling QQ,Printers,179
20599,4,value for money product,Printers,23
20600,5,v good product,Printers,14
20601,5,Dont buy this product guys this canon peoples are cheeters they dont know to manufacture the good product. i purchased 1 month back this printer. but no use boz it hase mentioned in to the cartrage that you can take 400 print were i took only 10 it showes cartrage is empty and i buyed new one that also same only 10. stop this selling product in to the market. now i need to through this printer to dustbin. do not buy it,Printers,422
20602,5,Good,Printers,4
20603,5,nice work,Printers,9
20604,1,Looking good and working system is very nice.,Printers,45
20605,1,nice value for money but it is not connect mobile to print,Printers,58
20606,5,too good,Printers,8
20607,1,by using two to three months its getting problems...,Printers,52
20608,5,One cartridge costs around 600(medium) and i am getting 15-18 pages per cartridge ..so approximately i am paying 30rs for a page printout. If you are looking for a scanner...fine go for it. price of printer is inversely proportional to rs you pay for pages. Go for some printer in range of 6k to 7k. In long term you will reap benefit.,Printers,335
20609,5,Very good product,Printers,17
20610,1,Not working properly..,Printers,22
20611,1,well finished pakage and the printer so u can buy it in cheap price.,Printers,68
20612,5,this product as good,Printers,20
20613,5,please do not sale,Printers,18
20614,1,Its cartage will cost you a bomb.Lasts just 10 prints & costs Rs 800/-. Not worth it. Print quality is ok,Printers,105
20615,4,verry good product,Printers,18
20616,1,I take print in my hand really very nice,Printers,40
20617,2,for 1 month it is best printer but after one month it is so costly ink was RS.1000-2000,Printers,87
20618,5,"GOOD, GOOD , GOOD",Printers,17
20619,5,Not able to print. Alarm lamp is continuously blinking despite correct installation of cartridges and paper alignment.,Printers,118
20620,5,The Black color cartridge can print only around 50-60 papers after that we need to buy a new one which cost around 800.  The print quality is good the cost of refilling is too high,Printers,180
20621,4,I received good product iam satisfied let see the span,Printers,54
20622,2,Nice..,Printers,6
20623,5,good,Printers,4
20624,1,it works properly.good product must buy,Printers,39
20625,3,good working,Printers,12
20626,5,Realy very nice product. Love it.,Printers,33
20627,5,Very poor quality of product.As printer was delivered in time but it's a defective as its not working I have placed request for replacement but they have not responded to it and saying it request is rejected .So friends don't buy any thing from flipkart they are selling defective product and showing arogant behaviour with customers and return policy is very poor.,Printers,365
20628,4,"Quality is good. Two catridges are to be used. Cost is more (black1000,colour700). Not suitable for home needs.",Printers,111
20629,3,Canon prefect,Printers,13
20630,5,good quality,Printers,12
20631,3,"would have given 5 stars but rate of the cartilages are very high, printing is good,but the process is quite take some time for everything but at this price what more that we would except from it overall it is an nice product for home uses",Printers,239
20632,1,printer is awsome,Printers,17
20633,1,super printer bought it for 0rs in big billion day :P nicely packed frm flipkart with two catrigde one is colour and black ....but catrigde rate bit costly ...black is 800 and colour is 1100 rs ....anyways printer small and awesome ...  cons bit slow no fax,Printers,257
20634,5,It's so amazing for very small price. It is really all in one.,Printers,62
20635,3,"This ca triage will print only 15 pages max ,This product is waste of money , Highly recommended do not buy this . After 2000 prints warning will come it will not work put the printerinndustbin I brought this printer 21.9.2017 . Only one advantage we can refill ink with our own and get it from stationary shop and fill the ink . 70ml rs 140/- only Waste of money",Printers,363
20636,4,"very high cost ink which more then printer cost and less printouts , don't buy this product .........",Printers,101
20637,4,nice products good service dont miss it for all buyers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,Printers,120
20638,1,The product is still not bad vut it takes 1 min to start,Printers,56
20639,1,Really nice... Easy handil... Low price and Big printer 🖨,Printers,57
20640,5,Product looks very nice. I am not using it right now bcoz of holidays. Review it again on Tuesday,Printers,97
20641,5,It's was a worst product which I never seen ....the ink jet is cost above 1000rs it's very costly and it's very bad product,Printers,123
20642,5,"Poor printer , and flipkart didt nt even give option to return or refund . I tried many ways .. and it frustrating flipkart ..",Printers,126
20643,5,"Very nice product ,",Printers,19
20644,5,U can go with this.,Printers,19
20645,5,Very very good printer ...osm ..nice working..,Printers,46
20646,4,Good product 👍👍 I love it 😍💙,Printers,28
20647,4,good product,Printers,12
20648,2,Good product for 1999 . Thank you flipkart.,Printers,43
20649,4,Printer is working fine and output is also great but it is a ink eater eats lots of ink for a couple of pages. . Cartridges prices are sky high.Thus giving 4 stars.  Canon should at least think of its consumers a bit.,Printers,217
20650,4,Good product only use for home..,Printers,32
20651,3,Picture Quality Is not good 👎 👎 👎,Printers,33
20652,1,good but ink is costly,Printers,22
20653,5,I use cannon printer .good processing nice printer in low price,Printers,63
20654,1,Poor product,Printers,12
20655,3,Very Bad Product.Don't buy this Product,Printers,39
20656,3,Very Good product quality & your service.,Printers,41
20657,5,not for daily use ...toner is so costly..,Printers,41
20658,4,This is a good product but I feel its too ink hungry as a set of 3 refill ink set was utilized within a month ! The scanner is very good and does the job efficiently.,Printers,166
20659,2,"😉Would say this Printer is very good. But this is my second. However, before that one was found which was a bit bad but after that I got a good one. So, far It is performing well.... But within a few days when I use this one Its ink starts to run out, it will be said that its ink Cartridge is of very poor quality. Rest, it is that perfect tool to use use at home...!!!!👍👍👍👍💖 Thank you......!!!!",Printers,396
20660,5,Best Printer,Printers,12
20661,2,nice product,Printers,12
20662,1,Not so good. need to repair it every 3 months,Printers,45
20663,1,"Quality is good,  scanning and printing good,  per cartage : upto 60 page-80 page getting,  low price for this is best to use for home,,,",Printers,137
20664,2,"Pros: The printing quantity is good,excellent for home use Cons: The ink vanishes quickly, we can't use the same ink cartridges which has a chip records print count.",Printers,165
20665,2,bad product 😬😬😬😭😭😭😖😖😖😠😠😠😠😡😡😡😡🥺🥺🥺🥺👿😈😈😈👿👿,Printers,39
20666,4,not So Good But looking good,Printers,28
20667,3,100 below pages printing iam un happy,Printers,37
20668,5,"I bought it for about 2000 and must say its worth buying. The printing quality is awesome . I use it for my office purpose ,so far no issus a all.........thx flipcart(u took much time than expected to deliver :D)",Printers,212
20669,5,"I would have printed not more than 60 color print out, unfortunately i'm getting cartridge replacement signal, which is no good since they are very very costly.",Printers,160
20670,5,"Loss -  INK FINISHED BEFORE PRINTING 50 PAGES  Profit -  Nice printer Good printing quality Fast Cheap Take less space Easy to install Black as well as tricolour All in one printer Provide printing , copying and scanning Delivered before given date 1 year warranty.",Printers,265
20671,5,Good product,Printers,12
20672,5,"nice to get the product, it's only for home use",Printers,47
20673,4,This product is good for home purpose.Printing speed is very good.print visibility clear.,Printers,89
20674,1,very nice product,Printers,17
20675,1,very good,Printers,9
20676,1,I am having a great experience just the ink catridges are expensive but alternative is there,Printers,92
20677,1,Bad product best of many,Printers,24
20678,1,Don't buy thise,Printers,15
20679,1,"Don't buy worst printer, cartage system is very bad",Printers,51
20680,1,Very bad product not working,Printers,28
20681,1,"Bad Printer printing good in starting but after 10 prints, printing half the page",Printers,81
20682,3,Very very bad product... Not usefull.. after print 100 pages the cartridge is destroy... And new cartridge is not available easily...... Poor product,Printers,149
20683,4,Very bed product don't buy,Printers,26
20684,1,Don't waste the money ...,Printers,25
20685,5,Printing and Scanning run smooth.But the black cartridge is out after few prints.Does all printer like Canon act like this ?,Printers,124
20686,4,Original canon product,Printers,22
20687,5,It very bad canon Mg2570s multi function color.printer dot buy,Printers,62
20688,5,Value of money,Printers,14
20689,1,"Gud printing quality but not supporting A4 glossy paper , support only 4x6 and 5x7 size glossy paper.",Printers,101
20690,1,All good,Printers,8
20691,1,Good product 👌,Printers,14
20692,1,Use and thrown...,Printers,17
20693,1,Very bad products,Printers,17
20694,1,very bad stopped working after 1 month,Printers,38
20695,1,Never buy it,Printers,12
20696,1,Refill cartridge is very costly and very less print out,Printers,55
20697,1,Very bad very bad thing in my life this printer is not a printer it's a kabad khana please don't buy this printer please it's a request very bad experience,Printers,155
20698,2,Veey bad service. Totally wasted money,Printers,38
20699,5,don't buy its catriladge too costly,Printers,35
20700,1,It's not working printer please exchange my printer,Printers,51
20701,4,In this Cartridge we can print only 16-18 pages of black and white printout..too costly go for higher budgets printer don't buy,Printers,127
20702,4,Multi use multi function good for projects,Printers,42
20703,4,"Guys please don't buy this. This is an old model of printer, I was not much fond of these devices. Before buying anything like this just know which is the latest model. It worked at first but after refiling the cartridge the printer is showing you are running out of ink but it's still full. I feel so bad for wasting money on this stupid thing.",Printers,345
20704,1,Awesome product ..,Printers,18
20705,5,Nice Designe printer...... print scan copy Me used 10 Day ......,Printers,64
20706,5,Nice,Printers,4
20707,1,If you are perchasing this product for your business then totally waste of money this only print 20 pages per cartridge and there cartridges is worth of 1990.,Printers,158
20708,5,This printer is chip and Great working..paisa bassol,Printers,52
20709,1,It was just awesome for students We can print as much we can It helps to Xerox too Thanks Flipkart for this amazing printer I recommend to everyone 🥰🥰🥰😆,Printers,152
20710,4,It's very worst product so plz don't choose the printer plz plz 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏,Printers,70
20711,5,Amezing product 😍😇😇,Printers,19
20712,4,Ink out after printing 10 pages is a very poor type of printer,Printers,62
20713,1,Good product Highly recommend best price.......,Printers,47
20714,5,Amazing product in affordable range😊,Printers,36
20715,4,Very good,Printers,9
20716,5,Plz plz don't waste your money in this product. Buy any other printer. I had bought this printer and now I am very angry 😡 and didn't like the product. Plz plz save your money,Printers,175
20717,4,Nice product,Printers,12
20718,5,price wise this is a very good printer.. Must buy👍,Printers,50
20719,1,Prenter is vary nice.vari vari good.,Printers,36
20720,5,"I am so happy , this printer is to good , Nice",Printers,46
20721,5,Printer quality and print quality also good value for money.,Printers,60
20722,5,"Ink has drained very soon, and it's too costly as well to purchase. Printer quality is ok, but ink cost is the issue. Should be available at some low price. Disappointed with ink cost.",Printers,184
20723,5,Very very nice product and print & Xerox very very good quality,Printers,63
20724,5,"This item is not xeroxing,",Printers,26
20725,5,Good Product. Awesome colour and Design.,Printers,40
20726,4,Very good,Printers,9
20727,1,Nice product,Printers,12
20728,5,Very good printer. Both of black and color printing is are in high quality and installation is simple. You can go for this low budget printer.,Printers,142
20729,1,"Good product... I just had delivery issue... It wasn't packed properly, n had a dent on box",Printers,91
20730,2,received it in a proper condition but on opening discovered that there is a defect with the printer,Printers,99
20731,2,Great product at this price point. Budget printer for all. Liked it,Printers,67
20732,5,They lies for catrege low print and showing no ink after 8 page print,Printers,69
20733,1,Consumption of ink is too high .only 43 pages printed with black ink.,Printers,69
20734,1,"Guys, buy this only if your usage is once in a while. cartridges are very tiny and they are very expensive. You have to buy cartridges quite often.  Am really disappointed with my purchase",Printers,188
20735,5,Super,Printers,5
20736,1,It takes a lot of tym to get photocopy.printing is also delayed,Printers,63
20737,5,Very bad quality of print,Printers,25
20738,1,Good product,Printers,12
20739,5,This is very worst printer. paper get stuck in the printer it works very slow its maintenance very high. I suggest you to never buy this printer buying this printer is wastage of money. When I do photocopy twice it do not throw the first paper but get stuck with the second paper very cheaper quality and defective peace I got.,Printers,327
20740,1,Nice product for price to other product variance,Printers,48
20741,2,Lose of my money this product is very bad,Printers,41
20742,1,you are purshase it,Printers,19
20743,4,Only 27 page provide new black ink cartridge cost 750 rupees very painfully,Printers,75
20744,3,Printer cost is less but later printer mentioning is very petetic. It's replace empty ink cartridges both colour and and black is more than printer cost . So please think before buy inkjet printers. It's useless.,Printers,212
20745,1,Wast product,Printers,12
20746,5,Installed it few days back works fine in all respects also very smooth & quiet. Regards,Printers,87
20747,1,"The printer uses way too much of ink. Perfect example of typical printer manufacturer, to sell end user underrated expensive ink. I deem this fit for use and throw product",Printers,171
20748,5,dont buy . i am not satisfied with this printer because after use of 4 days only it's carteridge is empty. very disgusting product,Printers,130
20749,5,osm best deal,Printers,13
20750,5,we regret to sayvery unhappy customer review to be placed.no proper details about the product is given.missing basic requirements are intolerable,Printers,145
20751,1,good quality printer,Printers,20
20752,5,good product,Printers,12
20753,3,very nice.,Printers,10
20754,3,VERY BAD,Printers,8
20755,5,superb product,Printers,14
20756,5,product is nice in this price,Printers,29
20757,4,Al Qamar nice,Printers,13
20758,2,this is very good printer,Printers,25
20759,5,good printer,Printers,12
20760,4,"quality of print is ok, at this price",Printers,37
20761,4,bad product,Printers,11
20762,4,superb,Printers,6
20763,5,Awesome product. Happy to buy it.,Printers,33
20764,5,its too good..two ink cartriges are free one black n another one is colour..its awesome,Printers,87
20765,5,Good,Printers,4
20766,5,very useful. All 3 functions are working properly. Thank you.,Printers,61
20767,1,very good service n behavior superb,Printers,35
20768,5,nice work it,Printers,12
20769,5,very nice,Printers,9
20770,5,pic quality low,Printers,15
20771,4,I am DEEPAk printer mobile is not soppated,Printers,42
20772,3,Very nice product and verry nice delivery boy behaviour thanks for flipkart SUJEET AWASTHI MANAGER AT HOTEL SOLITAIRE LUCKNOW,Printers,125
20773,5,fadu h with ciss,Printers,16
20774,3,The printing quality is good but only 40-50 pages can be printed by the cartridge.,Printers,82
20775,1,I bought it in 2016 still it do not have any problem,Printers,52
20776,5,superb,Printers,6
20777,1,too much ink needed,Printers,19
20778,5,Don't purchase this printer.. Totally waste of money,Printers,52
20779,3,Value for money,Printers,15
20780,5,it was damage ..later on i hv gone to care plz dnt buy this,Printers,59
20781,3,nicer,Printers,5
20782,5,Ink is completing very fast even by taking grey prints,Printers,54
20783,5,Superrrr,Printers,8
20784,4,Low price but slow and ink cartiage is very small which cost more ..,Printers,68
20785,4,Good for occasional prints and flipkart delivered it with full safety....Kudos and 10x fr everything,Printers,100
20786,3,Good,Printers,4
20787,2,working fine but capacity of cartridge is very low,Printers,50
20788,1,printer is best for home use. cartridge are costlier than HP. Got in Diwali season RS 1999/-,Printers,92
20789,5,the cartridge is quite expensive compared to printer and is hard to refill. they are earning more money through cartridge than printer itself.,Printers,142
20790,5,"very bad exirence with delivery, packing and handiver.. had to struggle alot.. apart product it quite ok in this price..",Printers,120
20791,1,not good product it only 30 pages to from the printer,Printers,53
20792,1,vary bad printer its cartaige was dry in one day,Printers,48
20793,1,Wroth of price,Printers,14
20794,4,to gud,Printers,6
20795,3,"one of the worst printer that I have ever used....don't try to buy it...if u did...u r dipping ur money in black ink... nozzel gets blocked by every other day... cartridge is very poor u can't refill it , so u have to buy a new one every time it gets exhausted....I am Regreting...",Printers,281
20796,5,It gives very bad printing and it uses cartilage every day.,Printers,59
20797,5,Printers Price is good. Scanning are good. colour print out are 15-20 pages printed and ink cartridge over....,Printers,110
20798,2,Overall good...but loud sound while printing,Printers,44
20799,1,Very good printing...,Printers,21
20800,1,Super printer...💜💜💜,Printers,19
20801,1,Refill very expensive.,Printers,22
20802,5,Don't buy it. Buy hp printer,Printers,28
20803,1,Too much poor quality of ink catridge.. Don't buy this product...,Printers,65
20804,5,It is an worst product the ink is for short time using,Printers,54
20805,2,Works well. Recommended for home use. No issues till now.,Printers,57
20806,4,"Though I got this printer at a very good price, I have had hard times using it. I have got cartidges changed twice despite using the printer for harday 100 copies.",Printers,163
20807,5,Good price good piece,Printers,21
20808,1,10 rupee per paper A4 SIZE,Printers,26
20809,5,Low price for home work,Printers,23
20810,3,Its very good product,Printers,21
20811,2,Very bad was not working,Printers,24
20812,4,Product is very nice for low costs h,Printers,36
20813,1,Only for emergency use & Scaner,Printers,31
20814,5,Good printing but cartridge is not maintaining briter ink capability,Printers,68
20815,1,Good product in this price. It is very good on use and quality.,Printers,63
20816,1,"It's a cheating seller , don't buy,",Printers,35
20817,1,The printer is very good for printing and scanning @ home use. But its ink is expensive.,Printers,88
20818,1,"the performance of this printer in not good, printing speed is really bad and the main problem is the cartridge, it costs you too much every time and also not worth of the price.",Printers,178
20819,5,I have bought this product from flipkart just 4-5 weeks back and I am putting it up on OLX right away. 1. The scanner stops working if your ink runs out. Which is stupid because 2 functions should operate independently (like in HP - i should stuck to the same) 2. One ink cartridge gives only 6-7 full colour prints (i only use it to print pictures for my kid's school projects)\ Very annoying product.,Printers,402
20820,1,hello! please dont buy it this canon printer your lost your money printer is gud but cartage is so expensive colour pirice 1200 and black 1000. total cost 2200 printer cost 2300 and only 180 pages printe in one cartage,Printers,218
20821,5,I did not even give it one star .Very worst product. color print and black print does not print 10 pages also and it shows running on low ink . Never expected this from flipkart . I can't return it . Bad experience from flipkart. Worst printer ever .,Printers,250
20822,4,"Excellent printer, light weight, east to operate, .........................................................................................................",Printers,155
20823,4,don't buy it . it consumes much ink too much irretatng waste of money. pepar and many more problems.....,Printers,104
20824,5,Nice,Printers,4
20825,5,SUPER osm,Printers,9
20826,5,Good,Printers,4
20827,5,Every thing of till now ...one year got over ...still workin like new one ....awesome product,Printers,93
20828,5,Printer is great crisp printing both Black & Color. Scanner quality is good but not recomended for high end scanning photos etc,Printers,127
20829,5,"CANON MG2570S MULTI-function Printer . it was worth every penny.  we got avery good deal ,thanks for the offer.  Thank you",Printers,122
20830,4,very good i love it boom boom printing by it,Printers,44
20831,1,Do not buy this product really this is not good at all,Printers,54
20832,5,Good product,Printers,12
20833,5,Its nice,Printers,8
20834,4,Excelent,Printers,8
20835,5,So good 😍👌👌👌👌 best. Price best,Printers,30
20836,4,good product,Printers,12
20837,1,I purchased this product with good price n I'm satisfied with this... Worth money.. For this price it's too good... Just a little bit dull in black while colour printing. But overall good.. Easily buy..,Printers,202
20838,4,nice printer.....quality is also good....,Printers,41
20839,5,Very good product but one problem its ink cartridges are very costly so i hate that thing otherwise all product will fine thku flipkart Plz take a look on ink cartridges price,Printers,175
20840,5,Don't buy,Printers,9
20841,1,very good,Printers,9
20842,3,Super modal,Printers,11
20843,5,Good not bad,Printers,12
20844,5,More than waste please dont buy see another products,Printers,52
20845,4,"Very nice clarity,",Printers,18
20846,3,This product good,Printers,17
20847,3,Very nice printer for the price previously I have used mg 2570 it got problem and I have replaced it with this so far so good just you have to know how to refill it properly. The cartridges that comes in box will last for 80 to 100 pages you have to upgrade your cartridges Xl ones,Printers,281
20848,2,Waste product,Printers,13
20849,1,good for all home uses but operating cost i.e cost of print per page is very high. Moreover canon cartridges are way costlier than HP,Printers,133
20850,1,Super nice product,Printers,18
20851,2,wast of money,Printers,13
20852,5,Cartige cost. Is half of the printer Save more buy higher version Plz dont byy this product,Printers,91
20853,5,Waste money,Printers,11
20854,1,Very Very Bad,Printers,13
20855,1,Good,Printers,4
20856,1,As it's described,Printers,17
20857,5,Quickly Ink Finished,Printers,20
20858,1,Waste of money. Never expected from Canon product. Within 2months it is out. Power button is not working. Can I return it?,Printers,122
20859,5,Heavy ink used,Printers,14
20860,1,Wonderful,Printers,9
20861,4,Light print,Printers,11
20862,1,Very Nice printer for Home use and very minimal use.,Printers,52
20863,5,Don't buy this printer.its new cartridge rates are very high. Once its cartridge got empty u have to pay around 1300-1400 for new ones. Which is the half price of this printer. So no worthy of buying this printer.,Printers,213
20864,4,Verynice,Printers,8
20865,1,"Pls don't purchase,hardly15 to 20 prints, costly cartridge",Printers,58
20866,1,Amazing Marketing Value Product,Printers,31
20867,4,Good .,Printers,6
20868,1,It's not working well I'm not satisfied with this printer please don't buy like this product,Printers,92
20869,1,Waste of money,Printers,14
20870,5,Well I really liked the product and it's easy to use.,Printers,53
20871,5,Bad product cartage small only 30 print,Printers,39
20872,1,Very bad,Printers,8
20873,1,Good,Printers,4
20874,1,Awesome low budget printer,Printers,26
20875,4,Don't buy this item.after three four time use printer ink fully finish.plz worse ur money,Printers,89
20876,1,Not working very well,Printers,21
20877,5,Not worth west,Printers,14
20878,1,Good quality best price awesome,Printers,31
20879,3,This Canon printer not output online print,Printers,42
20880,4,It is amazing printer any question please ask,Printers,45
20881,1,Ink not proper,Printers,14
20882,1,Good,Printers,4
20883,3,Easy and best performance.,Printers,26
20884,5,Not for long term use,Printers,21
20885,5,Dvd anthor version bad quality,Printers,30
20886,2,Value of money,Printers,14
20887,5,Nice Experience With This Printer best for personal use,Printers,55
20888,4,Awesome product. Printing is very good,Printers,38
20889,1,"Not working after 6 months. Eventually it doesn't got able to repair. Don't buy request, problem in refilling ink for every 5 colour print",Printers,138
20890,5,100% Best printer,Printers,17
20891,4,ok,Printers,2
20892,5,"Its humble request to everyone please don't buy this printer. Its totally waste of money. you received damaged product then they do not return, replace or refund .But you have to do wait for long time",Printers,200
20893,5,Good product,Printers,12
20894,5,Product is good,Printers,15
20895,1,Superb product.....!,Printers,20
20896,5,Wow I m using before 7days working properly,Printers,43
20897,5,Working good,Printers,12
20898,5,Worst product,Printers,13
20899,5,Good product,Printers,12
20900,1,Best,Printers,4
20901,5,"Amazing product,....... Very happy😊",Printers,35
20902,1,Good,Printers,4
20903,2,This product is not working and many issues are seen,Printers,52
20904,1,Nice Product with the Desired price.,Printers,36
20905,5,Worst thing don't buy,Printers,21
20906,4,Ok,Printers,2
20907,1,Nice product,Printers,12
20908,1,Very nice low bedjet home purpose required featurs printer. Thanks Flip cart And utube for how to filling catridze .,Printers,116
20909,5,It's a good budget printer with refillable ink cartridge.,Printers,57
20910,1,Hate this product,Printers,17
20911,1,Worst product.. don't buy this...,Printers,33
20912,5,Very good,Printers,9
20913,2,This is the worst product west of money don't buy this,Printers,54
20914,5,Don't buy it..,Printers,14
20915,5,VERY NICE PRODUCT .,Printers,19
20916,5,No use,Printers,6
20917,5,"Not good, just normal",Printers,21
20918,5,Amazing,Printers,7
20919,5,good,Printers,4
20920,5,Very Bad not working 🖨🖨,Printers,23
20921,5,Good,Printers,4
20922,5,Nice printing,Printers,13
20923,5,Nice product by flipkart,Printers,24
20924,1,Very nice and very good protect,Printers,31
20925,5,god product,Printers,11
20926,4,Wonderful 🥰,Printers,11
20927,1,Very bad,Printers,8
20928,2,"Ok one, cannot be said an awesome product",Printers,41
20929,1,Worth for the cist,Printers,18
20930,1,Useless,Printers,7
20931,1,Wastage of money and time,Printers,25
20932,4,Stoped taking paper in just a week.,Printers,35
20933,1,Money waste,Printers,11
20934,4,Very bad products,Printers,17
20935,1,Ok,Printers,2
20936,5,After 2 months of use of black cartridge is deteriorated and giving lines in the print .Please donot buy this printer instead u can buy hp 319 ink tank printer,Printers,159
20937,5,Wow,Printers,3
20938,5,Very Bad product.... I recommend not to purchase.,Printers,49
20939,5,Excellent product on this price,Printers,31
20940,1,Super,Printers,5
20941,5,Very nice value of miney,Printers,24
20942,5,Good machine but working is slow..,Printers,34
20943,5,Very bad printer don't buy ..,Printers,29
20944,4,Very good product,Printers,17
20945,5,Excellent product. Value for money.,Printers,35
20946,5,Good product,Printers,12
20947,2,Printer is so good but it's ink is price is very high,Printers,53
20948,5,Super,Printers,5
20949,1,Better,Printers,6
20950,2,This item is not succeed and blinking problem,Printers,45
20951,1,Good product .,Printers,14
20952,5,Printer dead within one month,Printers,29
20953,1,Am not happy its working only few days after that this printer cant not work properly dont buy,Printers,94
20954,4,Owsame,Printers,6
20955,1,Good very good,Printers,14
20956,1,Very bad,Printers,8
20957,2,It's good but facing some error..the ink light glows even after refilling it,Printers,76
20958,1,Ink not refilled,Printers,16
20959,5,All in one,Printers,10
20960,5,After five six print the colour light is blow that means becoming emty,Printers,70
20961,5,Colour quality is not as expected. Maintenance is more.cartridges are way too expensive. On the third day my printer is not responding,Printers,134
20962,1,Very nice product,Printers,17
20963,5,Print quality is good..useful for kids..only concern is cartridges are expensive..every time we have to spend nearly 1200...,Printers,124
20964,1,EXCELLENT PRODUCT EASY INSTALL AND USE,Printers,38
20965,5,Worst quality and also prints only 20-30 pages either of colour or black & white.... Don't buy it... waste of money....,Printers,119
20966,1,Excellent product by Canon. Good price and quick delivery by flipkart,Printers,69
20967,2,I don't like this product... Full of cheating material and too expensive also can you get back into return to your,Printers,114
20968,1,Good quality,Printers,12
20969,5,"I have brought a canon printer. That printer print a one week only. After both inkjet empty. I make a custmer care no. But, no use. I make a call company no. But no use. Company says your brought a new inkjet. Rs.600/- at every time. I lose my money. Still printer not working. Pls don't choose canon printer. Flipkart team pls check in every product working and not working, after sale. Customer satisfaction it's very important.",Printers,430
20970,1,Ink is no longer maximum print 30 pages and the ink is very expensive,Printers,69
20971,5,Low and gilty product,Printers,21
20972,1,Simple and easy to use 😌👌,Printers,25
20973,5,Worst product... Don't buy it..,Printers,31
20974,4,"Printer is very nice and useful, but the cartridges are small sized, so we need to refill it once it is finished.",Printers,113
20975,4,packing is worst.,Printers,17
20976,4,"Quality product from CANON!!  >as expected, great ease of use , print quality is admirable in colour and black, connections and communications via USB is hassle free.SCAN rate and output is excellent in quality, MG2470 is a great budget PSC BUY.",Printers,245
20977,4,It's a good choice for Home use and less nos of printout,Printers,56
20978,4,Super print quality,Printers,19
20979,1,After using this 2 months its work good go for it,Printers,49
20980,2,Nice product,Printers,12
20981,1,Good for small printing activity,Printers,32
20982,5,waste product from canon. its bad idea,Printers,38
20983,4,Ritine canon printer,Printers,20
20984,5,Not good quality,Printers,16
20985,4,Cool printer,Printers,12
20986,5,Good👍,Printers,5
20987,3,Good delivery boy,Printers,17
20988,2,Good product,Printers,12
20989,3,Its fabulous,Printers,12
20990,3,Nice printer,Printers,12
20991,5,two time replacement but not good,Printers,33
20992,1,Average product,Printers,15
20993,3,I am provided with PIXMA MG2400 instead of PIXMA MG2470 even though it's good product but atleast provide the right products mentioned,Printers,134
20994,5,Good,Printers,4
20995,5,Very Bed products,Printers,17
20996,4,Avarage product,Printers,15
20997,5,Good,Printers,4
20998,2,My first printer. Nice,Printers,22
20999,5,Best quality but not for shop use this is only personal work.. But printing quality is very nice . ...,Printers,102
21000,1,Best product,Printers,12
21001,4,Average printer printing hardly 35 pages black and colour 30 pages 😠😡,Printers,69
21002,1,Good print quality,Printers,18
21003,5,Worst item,Printers,10
21004,5,Printer is good but ink system is very bad only print 50 page very costly print rate,Printers,84
21005,1,"Second hand printer received, Cartridge was already in use inside the printer, And also not in working conditions",Printers,113
21006,5,Ok,Printers,2
21007,4,Good,Printers,4
21008,4,Very good product,Printers,17
21009,5,Nice product,Printers,12
21010,1,Best product is most available 👍👍👍👍👍,Printers,36
21011,3,Nice Printer 😌,Printers,14
21012,1,"Very good printer, thank-you flipkart",Printers,37
21013,1,Bad,Printers,3
21014,3,i am not happy,Printers,14
21015,5,It's not a good product west of money,Printers,37
21016,4,Bad quality,Printers,11
21017,1,Good in respect of the price. Nice for home working.,Printers,52
21018,1,good printing and useful for homebased work.,Printers,44
21019,1,Totally worth ut,Printers,16
21020,4,"I got the faulty printer, I am not able to print. If I am checking with customer care they're saying need to bring their service center others they' will charge even in warranty.  Suggesting don't buy online, better you purchase directly from seller and can verify before purchase",Printers,280
21021,4,Very bad product,Printers,16
21022,3,It is not working properly and the service person also not coming,Printers,65
21023,1,"As of now seems okay.,,",Printers,23
21024,1,Good printer,Printers,12
21025,1,Not good,Printers,8
21026,5,Very cheap product ink finished soon i hate this product,Printers,56
21027,1,Cartaiges are costly so can i exchange this into inktank printer,Printers,64
21028,1,Worst product pls don’t buy . This is only use and through product. Only taken 10 copies . Pls don’t buy. Waste of money.,Printers,121
21029,3,Good,Printers,4
21030,5,Too bad icant print items,Printers,25
21031,5,Good,Printers,4
21032,4,Ok,Printers,2
21033,5,Good,Printers,4
21034,1,This Is Good . But one thing are bad scan system is not working 🙂,Printers,65
21035,4,"Good,but black ink completed,I took print only 10 papers and showing ink completed.",Printers,83
21036,5,Very useful product,Printers,19
21037,5,Canon printer is very bad,Printers,25
21038,3,Good quality But slow process,Printers,29
21039,1,It's very good,Printers,14
21040,5,Good product and printer bhi complate.....,Printers,42
21041,1,Nice to use,Printers,11
21042,5,Very worst products you are supplying on line.,Printers,46
21043,1,This printer 🖨️ is super. I m very happy😀.you must buy it💪❤️. Thanks 👍,Printers,70
21044,1,Very bad printer please don't use very bad,Printers,42
21045,5,Good,Printers,4
21046,5,Good product but colour is not good,Printers,35
21047,1,It's not working,Printers,16
21048,1,Great printer and good quality I am very satisfied with this thank you for this lovely asset,Printers,92
21049,5,Quality is good?,Printers,16
21050,1,Very very bad,Printers,13
21051,1,Bad item,Printers,8
21052,5,Good product. And fast delivery,Printers,31
21053,5,this is not good product.....,Printers,29
21054,4,Bad product don't buy,Printers,21
21055,4,Serve the purpose... Print quality is also good 👍. Not for daily printing purpose.,Printers,82
21056,5,Helpful,Printers,7
21057,5,"Very nice product... The print quality just osm... Value of money.. It you are a student and finding a printer for domestic use, this printer is best. I gave it 4 star, because of it's ink price. But overall a very good and useful product. Thanks flipcart!",Printers,256
21058,4,Nice product value for money,Printers,28
21059,1,Good,Printers,4
21060,5,Good,Printers,4
21061,5,Good,Printers,4
21062,1,Bad products,Printers,12
21063,5,Nice for home use ans for students,Printers,34
21064,4,Best printer best company printer canon pixma mg2070 I like this printer 😊😊,Printers,75
21065,1,"Don't buy this product, it is utterly disgusting, check it in other place it is much lowe price there. Flipcart is fraud.",Printers,121
21066,1,Good,Printers,4
21067,5,excellent 👍,Printers,11
21068,3,Bad product and flipcart didn't return it. I spent almost 4000 for repairing. Only 50 print we can take bad product. And bad facility by flipcart for return product,Printers,164
21069,1,"Dont buy this worst product, printing quality is very poor. After i brought the product flipkart company says that this item is 'No return category' Shame on you flipkart",Printers,170
21070,1,Very nice,Printers,9
21071,5,The ink cartridge got over after taking just 10 prints.,Printers,55
21072,1,Don't buy this product 1 ink cartridges price 800rs And prints only 20-25 pages Pls don't buy this product,Printers,106
21073,1,"WORST PRODUCT DON, T PURCHASE IT.",Printers,33
21074,5,Not bad,Printers,7
21075,4,Don't waste your money,Printers,22
21076,4,very bad prouduct,Printers,17
21077,1,"I have buyed this for a small shop,bit i need to have to install ink tank for it for no future problems....But ossum product you will 700 rupees extra charge for kit and ink.",Printers,174
21078,1,So gooood,Printers,9
21079,5,Good one,Printers,8
21080,5,Not working,Printers,11
21081,5,pooor product,Printers,13
21082,5,Good quality product,Printers,20
21083,1,Super quality,Printers,13
21084,5,Very very nice products,Printers,23
21085,4,Nice product and easy installation,Printers,34
21086,3,Thogali. Booner putak hat,Printers,25
21087,4,Good product,Printers,12
21088,5,very nice and good performance.ganks to canon.,Printers,46
21089,5,Was okay,Printers,8
21090,1,Value for money.,Printers,16
21091,4,Very nice and amazing item,Printers,26
21092,1,"Good product, recommended",Printers,25
21093,1,because it vey bad printer,Printers,26
21094,4,Nice,Printers,4
21095,1,Varry bad product,Printers,17
21096,2,Pls don't purchase catridge is very high price. One catridge use only 30 pages print only. And then purchase next catridge rs675 price. Don't purchase pls. Waste u r money,Printers,171
21097,1,Printer is good but ink finished quickly,Printers,40
21098,5,This product are not bad ok,Printers,27
21099,2,Worst product cannot installed Not working👨‍💻,Printers,45
21100,5,This wastage product,Printers,20
21101,2,Good,Printers,4
21102,5,Very Bad quality.,Printers,17
21103,5,Nice,Printers,4
21104,5,Only 70-80 pages after printing Ink become empty,Printers,48
21105,5,"Nice product, has come with both cartridges I.e color and black @this price is good",Printers,83
21106,1,I am happy,Printers,10
21107,5,Nice product.,Printers,13
21108,5,Good printer,Printers,12
21109,5,Bad,Printers,3
21110,1,nice,Printers,4
21111,1,Nice product but it takes more than expected few seconds for color printing,Printers,75
21112,5,Nice products,Printers,13
21113,1,Very bad just print 2 sheet only cartridgeink empty very worst not worth for money,Printers,82
21114,1,Very bad product,Printers,16
21115,4,OK good nice,Printers,12
21116,5,It will not work after one week..,Printers,33
21117,1,Not good cartridges I buy 2 months ago but black cartridges is ink print not clear,Printers,82
21118,4,Sometimes more than two papers printed out,Printers,42
21119,5,Picture quality is good than catrage is heavy price,Printers,51
21120,1,It's werry bad it's no good,Printers,27
21121,5,Good worth for money given,Printers,26
21122,1,Nice Recommend to all,Printers,21
21123,1,waste of mony,Printers,13
21124,2,Good,Printers,4
21125,5,"Worst products, money wasting",Printers,29
21126,2,You give me a damage product.Wrost experience.,Printers,46
21127,1,Ink cartridge is drying,Printers,23
21128,2,Good product,Printers,12
21129,1,Printer is not functioning in right way,Printers,39
21130,1,Not good,Printers,8
21131,1,Ink got over when not even printed 30 pages,Printers,43
21132,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
21133,1,don't buy,Printers,9
21134,4,No bad,Printers,6
21135,4,Nice,Printers,4
21136,5,3rd class,Printers,9
21137,2,"This is a good product,, and it is very helpful for personal as well as for pdf",Printers,79
21138,4,Good product,Printers,12
21139,5,Very nice printer,Printers,17
21140,1,Very bad product Many time it's stop working. Showing paper jams even when no paper jam inside,Printers,94
21141,5,Super but cartridge very small so at the time print out only 50 pages again Refill the ink cartridge after take print out,Printers,121
21142,3,Am very happy with flipcart your products very osam,Printers,51
21143,4,"Very good proudct, And very fast xerox and print ing I like this proudct I'm also happy reciving this prudct",Printers,108
21144,5,Good,Printers,4
21145,5,Good,Printers,4
21146,1,I want canon ink for this printer,Printers,33
21147,1,Vry good item,Printers,13
21148,2,Machine is not ok,Printers,17
21149,3,3rd class product And canon service 3rd class,Printers,45
21150,1,Very bad product.. Within one month printing problem arise.. White lining problem in printing..,Printers,95
21151,5,Xerox is not possible because of ink/ colour dried after 12 copies only,Printers,71
21152,1,Gud,Printers,3
21153,1,Waste dont buy,Printers,14
21154,4,Very fast refill in low 🤬🤬🤬,Printers,27
21155,1,Don't buy it. Waste product from canono. After using 1 month it's cartige not working.,Printers,86
21156,1,Very bad Quality,Printers,16
21157,1,"Packaging was not good , although the product was great... Printer was awesome ...Best printing quality. But the cartridge was small so it won't last long...so need to buy refill afterwards... Overall Great ❤️",Printers,209
21158,1,This product damaged note working Xerox,Printers,39
21159,1,This is totally third quality products,Printers,38
21160,4,Not working,Printers,11
21161,5,The printer is not working please return back the product,Printers,57
21162,5,Very bad product,Printers,16
21163,2,Nice,Printers,4
21164,1,Very good,Printers,9
21165,1,Super,Printers,5
21166,5,Not a good product,Printers,18
21167,1,Money waste colourful blur waste of money don't buy this product,Printers,64
21168,5,Bad products,Printers,12
21169,5,Awesome 😎😎😎😎,Printers,12
21170,1,Not good,Printers,8
21171,5,Very good working on first day,Printers,30
21172,5,I'm very happy,Printers,14
21173,5,"It is good but it's ink is not good in her box there was write it print 100 pages un small ink but it get destroyed it only print 12 pages then can't print anything please don't buy,and flipcart do not return it☹☹",Printers,213
21174,1,Good,Printers,4
21175,5,the product was very good but the cartidges are very costly so try to refill them,Printers,81
21176,5,Amazing printer at this price. Have to check the inks in coming days,Printers,68
21177,5,"Don't buy, the cost of cartridge is high",Printers,40
21178,5,Nice products easily useful,Printers,27
21179,1,Nice,Printers,4
21180,5,Very good,Printers,9
21181,5,Very nice product,Printers,17
21182,1,Average the ink cartridges was 20 pages only print then empty,Printers,61
21183,4,It's really good. I didn't expect this for low budget. Really like it. Thank you filpkart for this wonderful product.,Printers,117
21184,1,Super,Printers,5
21185,5,Printer doesn't work... it can't be detected on any PC or laptop... The worst product I ever purchased in my life...!! Customer care won't support...,Printers,149
21186,1,The build quality is not good. It seems like a very low quality plastic is used in it.,Printers,86
21187,5,Printer is properly not working ...I cannot get customer care number,Printers,68
21188,5,Nice but scanning option is not there for phone only in windows software,Printers,72
21189,5,Is bad in cottage rifil,Printers,23
21190,5,Nice product,Printers,12
21191,4,Good super,Printers,10
21192,5,Very good and strong product,Printers,28
21193,1,Very Good Printer,Printers,17
21194,1,Awesome😁😄👌🏻😍,Printers,12
21195,4,Good,Printers,4
21196,1,"Scanner Not Working Only 20 pages are printed in a cartridge, I am very sorry about it",Printers,86
21197,1,This is damaged product,Printers,23
21198,5,Good product,Printers,12
21199,1,The Order was defeated.,Printers,23
21200,5,Waste of money worst cartridge,Printers,30
21201,3,"Awesome Product for this amount, clear xerox. After a week of use",Printers,65
21202,3,Bad... Don't buy....,Printers,20
21203,1,Good,Printers,4
21204,5,so worst cartridge.....not working,Printers,34
21205,1,So far it's good.... Will definitely review it again after few months....👍,Printers,74
21206,1,BEST PRINTER IN THIS PRICE,Printers,26
21207,5,"Over all the performance is very good. Printing, scaning quality is also good.",Printers,78
21208,5,Very very very bad product 🤢🤮,Printers,29
21209,4,Product is faulty does not print and the led light over the cartridge symbols keeps on blinking,Printers,95
21210,5,Nice product,Printers,12
21211,1,Super amzing product it good for homesettlments,Printers,47
21212,1,Super,Printers,5
21213,1,Super,Printers,5
21214,1,"The printer is fine but the ink of the cartridge is very costly, and the cartridge that has been given will not have many copies.",Printers,129
21215,5,Too bad Plz don't waste money,Printers,29
21216,4,Wrost.very bad.don't buy,Printers,24
21217,1,Wrost 1 yeat is done where os my order,Printers,38
21218,1,Very good product.....,Printers,22
21219,1,Cartidge capacity is very poor but printer is too good,Printers,54
21220,5,Ink cartridge not satisfied.only 20 copies printed the ink wil be closed,Printers,72
21221,1,Bad cartage don't buy...,Printers,24
21222,2,Wrost product I would like to say that don't buy this wrost product you will always cry after buying this,Printers,105
21223,2,This printer is very good because is inthe multi function,Printers,57
21224,4,I say don't buy it because after 1 month it will stop working,Printers,61
21225,4,Ink leakage problem,Printers,19
21226,1,Black ink cartridge is empty in 4 print ( less words pages),Printers,59
21227,5,Not bad... Good for home users.....,Printers,35
21228,5,Nice👍,Printers,5
21229,3,"Printer is not working, not go this product.",Printers,44
21230,5,I like this printer works good .and I ordered a printer received defective product and I called Flipkart assistant later my product returned few weeks Flipkart send a good printer I happy now ... this printer works windows but Ubuntu 20.04Lts doesn't work Linux drivers are not available this model printer..thank you canon for budget segment printer overall good...thank you Flipkart,Printers,384
21231,1,Best product,Printers,12
21232,1,"Nobody takes responsibility of you get defective product, i mean flip cart will raise hands. Canon also irresponsible. I encountered a problem while installation. There by i could conclude it. Be careful with flipcart.",Printers,218
21233,4,Very good products,Printers,18
21234,1,Cartige size very smoll,Printers,23
21235,1,Getting not working condition,Printers,29
21236,3,Nice,Printers,4
21237,5,Printer problem,Printers,15
21238,5,Very bad product,Printers,16
21239,5,Good but small bad,Printers,18
21240,1,Amazing! Worthy to buy...it is awesome... getting such a professional printer from online is impossible.....must buy it,Printers,119
21241,1,Printing Quality very good,Printers,26
21242,1,Good product.Thanks to flipkart,Printers,31
21243,1,Not working peg,Printers,15
21244,1,Cartidge got over in just 30 page print,Printers,39
21245,4,Black cartridge after 5 pase ink Fleur,Printers,38
21246,5,Very bad product,Printers,16
21247,1,Waste money,Printers,11
21248,1,Good,Printers,4
21249,1,Superb printer value for money and the print quality for colored and black for both is awesome,Printers,94
21250,5,Very poor,Printers,9
21251,5,Not working,Printers,11
21252,4,"Disgusting product , this is just a money wasting machine,ink cartridges are priced high af ... don't buy this buy a premium laser printer that will be one time investment but u won't have to worry about per page print cost.",Printers,224
21253,4,Very good printer,Printers,17
21254,5,Good product,Printers,12
21255,2,"Printed is good but the cartridge eats half of money of printer, bottle injection is best way to reduce the rate",Printers,112
21256,5,"Printer is working well but seems that the cartridges, more so the black one will run out of ink pretty soon. Else performance wise quite good till now.",Printers,152
21257,1,"Very nice printer. Worth evey penny. must buy for home. Its very usefull for school project, or small office work. Lovely product by Canon and Very fast delivery by flipkart. Thanks to Flipkart for Great service n good product. very nice print quality if u see..",Printers,262
21258,1,Printer is good but ink cartridge is so expensive,Printers,49
21259,1,Good but ink is regular insert..........😣,Printers,41
21260,5,"Printer not working after installing drivers, contacted to customer care but exicutive said to visit service center.",Printers,116
21261,5,Don't buy this product.. Flipkart disappointed Me. When I was purchase this printer the description said the printer will print 200 pages and real fact is the printer is print only 60 to 70 pages. I heartly said please don't buy this printer.....,Printers,246
21262,4,Not good.. I will print out only 10-12print & ink is empty,Printers,58
21263,4,Very nice printer. Thanks to filkart.,Printers,37
21264,1,Very good,Printers,9
21265,5,Nice,Printers,4
21266,5,We loved the quality of print for reasonable price!!,Printers,52
21267,5,Very bad working it is product,Printers,30
21268,3,Very useful product for kids....I recommend to all for purchasing this product..,Printers,80
21269,4,Everything is fine,Printers,18
21270,5,Good,Printers,4
21271,5,Ok ok,Printers,5
21272,5,Good product,Printers,12
21273,1,Excellent product would like to suggest you to buy.,Printers,51
21274,4,Supar Printer,Printers,13
21275,5,Super 👌 printer,Printers,15
21276,2,Cheap product don't buy waste of money... I want return my order...😡😡🤬,Printers,70
21277,5,Good one.,Printers,9
21278,2,Mind blowing,Printers,12
21279,5,Cartridges are very poor,Printers,24
21280,4,Good Product??,Printers,14
21281,4,Bad,Printers,3
21282,1,Best quality product Thanku so much .,Printers,37
21283,5,Prints gud,Printers,10
21284,5,Very good printer except ink cartridges are costly.,Printers,51
21285,1,It did not print 20 pages even and Black Cartige Ink is finished,Printers,64
21286,5,Very very very nice and good printer Printing quality is very very high,Printers,71
21287,1,Pinter canon,Printers,12
21288,5,Not good,Printers,8
21289,4,Excellent product 👌,Printers,19
21290,5,It is bad product,Printers,17
21291,5,Ok,Printers,2
21292,4,Best for office work . Delivery is on time Very cooperative to customer,Printers,71
21293,1,Till now it's work well... scanning printing copy ..also colour quality is perfect,Printers,82
21294,1,This is very good product if you are looking for home printer then this is perfect,Printers,82
21295,1,Printer look nice n works well but cartridges are gone within 200 pages. So finally each page cost more than 10Rs. It's too costly compared to outside shop printing,Printers,164
21296,5,Don't buy this printer only 18 paper print and change in black ink cost very high,Printers,81
21297,3,Very bad product,Printers,16
21298,5,Use a lot of ink,Printers,16
21299,5,Good as of now,Printers,14
21300,5,Nice product but scanning quality not upto mark Also product was without any cardboard packaging Rest is good,Printers,109
21301,5,Good product,Printers,12
21302,3,Good,Printers,4
21303,5,Nice,Printers,4
21304,2,i'm giving 5star for thish product,Printers,34
21305,1,Nice,Printers,4
21306,2,Good,Printers,4
21307,5,Folti pis is diliwar,Printers,20
21308,5,Dirty product wast of money,Printers,27
21309,5,Bad product Don't work perfect,Printers,30
21310,4,This product is really great and love it❤❤,Printers,42
21311,4,Awesome product,Printers,15
21312,4,Best in all,Printers,11
21313,1,"Good product, lot of features. Both print and scan quality is amazing.",Printers,70
21314,1,"Works fine, but ink gets used up pretty soon. Anyways pretty useful in lockdown times when one cannot go out in search of Xerox shops",Printers,133
21315,5,The product is good. But the print cost high.,Printers,45
21316,4,Don't purchase this item 1year warranty but when I checked the item and printer was not working properly they deny to return the item within 7 day's. Don't purchase electronics from here worst experience.,Printers,204
21317,5,Very bad,Printers,8
21318,1,Exec Elle the,Printers,13
21319,5,Very good quality. Ideal for home usage....printing speed is little slow but nothing to worry....,Printers,97
21320,1,Good but it takes about 1.5 seconds to print,Printers,44
21321,5,Worst printer cartridge price to high,Printers,37
21322,5,👌👌👌👌👌Very good printer 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌,Printers,38
21323,4,Very bad,Printers,8
21324,5,super,Printers,5
21325,3,Very good product.thanks for Flipkart delivered in two days .function of the printer was good.,Printers,94
21326,3,Helpful,Printers,7
21327,5,Good,Printers,4
21328,5,"Product is good, in my box installation cd is not working Overall its good for this price",Printers,89
21329,1,Cost of printing is higha and speed is also low,Printers,47
21330,5,Good,Printers,4
21331,5,Super,Printers,5
21332,5,This product is not good and ink is not refillable if you refill it then it will show error in cartridge. Only Canon company's cartridge and ink you can use in it. Processing is also too late. 20 pages limit after one time filling. Totally money waste and which are mentioned credential about this printer is not all true,Printers,321
21333,4,Good working for middle levep managers use,Printers,42
21334,1,good,Printers,4
21335,1,This is better but not good,Printers,27
21336,1,Cannon😍😍😍,Printers,9
21337,5,Very bad this printer,Printers,21
21338,5,Don't buy it Not working alway blinking Error,Printers,45
21339,1,Not a working and Unable to return this product,Printers,47
21340,3,"The printer is ok but the price of cartridge is little high then other ink cartridge, overall the item is too much good",Printers,119
21341,1,Nice 👍,Printers,6
21342,3,Seal is broken bad product,Printers,26
21343,1,"Didn't meet expectations. Need to refill very frequently. While refilling it flows out from other end. Very less amount of ink remains inside cartridge resulting in printing for 15-20 papers only. And other issue is, even after refilling cartridge the yellow light will keep blinking. Would say don't go for this product.",Printers,321
21344,3,Faulty cartrige,Printers,15
21345,5,Very expensive,Printers,14
21346,1,"Waste Product, Ink over In 1month",Printers,33
21347,4,It's really Good,Printers,16
21348,1,Its really good,Printers,15
21349,4,The 745s and 746s cartridges costs are too high for a refill. It comes just for 20 pages. Please rethink before you buy,Printers,119
21350,5,Good quality.. tks team flipcart,Printers,32
21351,5,Less... performance waste of time and money,Printers,43
21352,5,Good,Printers,4
21353,3,Very good printer and scanner 👍👍👍,Printers,33
21354,5,Super item,Printers,10
21355,4,Delivered in time. Working good.,Printers,32
21356,5,very good product. but cartage ....!,Printers,36
21357,4,Super printer,Printers,13
21358,1,Good,Printers,4
21359,3,Nice .. working super,Printers,21
21360,1,Its a good product,Printers,18
21361,5,Waste of money.. worst,Printers,22
21362,4,Ok,Printers,2
21363,5,Printer cartridges is vary bad no parchase all friendship,Printers,57
21364,5,Tt very useful product and its use in laptop or android smartphone and printing quality was good but smartphone printing quality was very nice,Printers,142
21365,5,"Good product, refilling some Irretating",Printers,39
21366,1,Very good,Printers,9
21367,3,Worth of money. ink will not last for 50 copies. so buy refill ink also -together,Printers,81
21368,3,Good Product easy to use...,Printers,27
21369,3,This product is very bad,Printers,24
21370,5,"This has many problems,if not for these problems this printer would have been perfect, it keeps disconnecting from my PC inspite of all instructions followed to the letter given on manual and once it disconnects I have to wait for hours, the ink cartridge is trash, it lasts only 100 pages,is that normal?, I used to own TVS printer, those cartridge lasts 1000 pages, now I am supposed to buy a new cartridge?? It's not suitable at all, the scanner works good and printing is bit slow, but due to ...",Printers,500
21371,5,I want to gave 5 star but my product after bought 2 days I xerox maximum 7 pages .but low ink light started to bright.low quality ink,Printers,133
21372,4,It's ok..,Printers,9
21373,5,Nice,Printers,4
21374,1,Nice,Printers,4
21375,5,Good,Printers,4
21376,1,It's good,Printers,9
21377,1,Not worthy & less productive.,Printers,29
21378,1,lovely,Printers,6
21379,1,Never by this product. It is really swindling to rob the credulous customers by selling them a comparatively cheaper printer and then to charge an exorbitant and unaffordable and grossly disproportionate price for the printer cartridges. The printer is never returnable as well. NEVER EVER BUY AND FALL A PREY TO THE SELLERS CUNNING TACTICS.,Printers,341
21380,5,Very bad product. Cartridge finish within 20 pages print. And the cartridge is not refilling. If the cartridge is finished you need to buy a new cartridge Which price is 700 and above. And no. off-page is very less in printing. Almost your per copy print approx Rs10-12 each in black.,Printers,284
21381,5,Printer bad working,Printers,19
21382,1,Very poor not working ink error .even after refilling,Printers,53
21383,5,This printer is very nice,Printers,25
21384,5,"Frankly speaking Guyzz don't buy this as for student purpose/home purpose because the cartridges is too costly and in one cartridge give only 50 sheets Afterall the printer is very good there is no doubt but not for as student purpose overall cost will be 10,000 in that you go for ink tank printers it will save you atleast you don't have to buy costly cartridges. Thank you .",Printers,377
21385,5,Very Bad Condition to use for Office and For Home,Printers,49
21386,1,Awsome product and best delivery,Printers,32
21387,1,Produced not,Printers,12
21388,1,Super stuff ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐,Printers,19
21389,5,Very very watse and don't brought this product,Printers,46
21390,4,Bad machine...,Printers,14
21391,1,This only print 15pages black ink completed,Printers,43
21392,1,Good,Printers,4
21393,2,Good product,Printers,12
21394,4,Don't buy cartiage gets over very fast,Printers,38
21395,2,His Ink is very costly,Printers,22
21396,1,Osam,Printers,4
21397,1,Good,Printers,4
21398,5,Don't buy it...... It can't return and not working,Printers,50
21399,2,Never buy this product This is a really bad product,Printers,51
21400,5,Weast product not working properly,Printers,34
21401,5,Very very very good,Printers,19
21402,1,ink got over within 1 month after printing 20 papers,Printers,52
21403,1,Good,Printers,4
21404,5,Very Good Printer. It can work with my phone and laptop both.,Printers,61
21405,4,Use only 15 day ink cartridge damage.,Printers,37
21406,3,Bery bad do not buy it cartidge is very costly,Printers,46
21407,5,very good product and easy to use....,Printers,37
21408,5,Good printer And printing,Printers,25
21409,5,Don't Buy,Printers,9
21410,5,Fine & Nice Look.,Printers,17
21411,4,"Excellent product, but for some reason the canon scan app (IJ scan utility) does not work. I am using a third party scan app. I download the software from canon website, because my laptop doesn't have a CD drive",Printers,211
21412,4,excellent product,Printers,17
21413,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21414,3,Its good But its printing noise is very high and printing speed is slow Bad quality.......overall it is good......But need to be improved,Printers,137
21415,5,Nice product 🤗❤️❤️,Printers,18
21416,2,It's very good... You can opt for it guys 😊😇.,Printers,45
21417,3,Printer is very cool at price 2999 but its only for home use not for shop printing per page is expensive,Printers,104
21418,5,Awesome printer valuable for money 😍😍😍😍🔥🔥,Printers,41
21419,5,Good product good quality,Printers,25
21420,5,Super,Printers,5
21421,1,Overall product is nice. But the blank ink got finished very soon. I could have only printed around 80-85 pages.,Printers,112
21422,3,Early delivery by flipkart.. Worth for this price..Should be careful with ink consumption because cartridges price is quite high.,Printers,129
21423,3,"Best products ,👍👍",Printers,17
21424,1,Don't buy this printer cartridge price expensive print quality also not good worst quality instead of this printer we can take 2rs printout from outside finally my suggestion is don't buy,Printers,187
21425,5,Colour is good. Good for normal uses.,Printers,37
21426,4,Good,Printers,4
21427,5,Normal,Printers,6
21428,5,Good,Printers,4
21429,1,It is good but the price change after buying this product,Printers,57
21430,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21431,2,Nice and affordable printer 😊☺ go for it as a student use 😇,Printers,59
21432,1,Bad product,Printers,11
21433,1,"This is my printer, good conditions.",Printers,36
21434,5,Ink cartridge is so costly.. But printer is good,Printers,48
21435,4,Very poor quality,Printers,17
21436,5,Doesn't work with more than one devices.,Printers,40
21437,5,Awesome,Printers,7
21438,1,Good product..,Printers,14
21439,4,Supar,Printers,5
21440,3,It is a perfect and good work,Printers,29
21441,5,This product is really very bad very much damaged product,Printers,57
21442,5,Good product,Printers,12
21443,5,"Good but, waste in ink cartridges and over price",Printers,48
21444,5,This product is good for home purpose.,Printers,38
21445,5,Good printer,Printers,12
21446,4,Wonderful,Printers,9
21447,1,Fine,Printers,4
21448,5,Very very good,Printers,14
21449,5,Nice printer bt ink too low,Printers,27
21450,5,Very bad prodect,Printers,16
21451,5,"Super .Thanks flipkart. Good delivery.All thing are perfect ink cartridge,printer,usbcable.",Printers,91
21452,1,Nice for Product and nice for Delivery 🐱🐱🐱,Printers,42
21453,1,Good🥰👍,Printers,6
21454,3,Nice printer,Printers,12
21455,5,The cartirage is worst,Printers,22
21456,3,does not print,Printers,14
21457,5,Though the prices of the printer is minimum but it's maintenance is too costly.,Printers,79
21458,4,"It's a good printer for home needs. Print quality is really good. Its very important to follow user manual to setup the printer correctly. Spend dedicated 30 mins for doing it. Rest will be easy. Flipkart service has been good, as usual though. 😊",Printers,246
21459,1,good product,Printers,12
21460,1,Value for money,Printers,15
21461,5,Print is good.. it takes a little bit more time.. scan part is lengthy process.,Printers,79
21462,5,This product is long time not use,Printers,33
21463,1,Cheap quality no coustmer care available for ur help i brought this but under 15 days sell lowest price..,Printers,105
21464,5,Very nice product,Printers,17
21465,5,Best printer In this price .....I loved a lot... Thanks for the flipkart for making it cum true .. ...with all features like scanning ..duplex printing...  I used it for nearly 6 months I hav not found any issues so for . Love a lot❤️❤️❤️❤️,Printers,240
21466,1,Worst product.. is this not working,Printers,35
21467,3,Nice print quality,Printers,18
21468,2,Very Good,Printers,9
21469,4,Don't buy,Printers,9
21470,1,Not bad,Printers,7
21471,5,Ok,Printers,2
21472,5,Good,Printers,4
21473,1,Waste it of money i had many repairs,Printers,36
21474,1,Very gud product,Printers,16
21475,5,Good,Printers,4
21476,5,Worst product it's not working,Printers,30
21477,5,Not working,Printers,11
21478,5,It's awesome . Honesty speaking,Printers,31
21479,1,Good,Printers,4
21480,4,awesome😊,Printers,8
21481,5,Very very good printer quality is awsome good in condition printing quality is excellent superb 👌👌👌,Printers,99
21482,5,It's not working when i turn on first time,Printers,42
21483,5,Worthy,Printers,6
21484,5,Good product 👍,Printers,14
21485,2,Good conditions,Printers,15
21486,4,😇😇 good,Printers,7
21487,1,Terrific Purchase👍Excellent Printer,Printers,35
21488,4,It's Really not good Company say it's Cartilage print upto 100 Pages in Both Black & colour But only I print 4 to 5 pages and ink is finish that Ink Light is glowing You disappointed me Dear Flipkart,Printers,199
21489,5,"Very good product ,clear Xerox, colourings super",Printers,48
21490,5,Scanner not working,Printers,19
21491,3,Very bad I bout canon MG2570 but it is not the same it is canon 2500,Printers,68
21492,5,"Excellent product at this rate. The ink cartridges are pretty costly though. The printer came in very good packing. Two cartridges are included in this i.e, Black and color cartridge.  Definitely recommended",Printers,207
21493,1,value for money product and got quick delivery.,Printers,47
21494,5,It's not working,Printers,16
21495,5,Good product,Printers,12
21496,4,Initially have faced connectivity issue after resolving this there is continously error of cartage. Unable to get the print as desired.,Printers,135
21497,1,Awesome,Printers,7
21498,5,Very very nice product.just Hero.,Printers,33
21499,1,Printing quality is simply superb,Printers,33
21500,5,Very very poor printer and west money,Printers,37
21501,4,Good product worth of money 🤑,Printers,29
21502,3,Worst product doesn't work,Printers,26
21503,1,"Very very good thnx flipkart after so much patience and after 2 time exchange i bought my printer,...work very smoothly go for it",Printers,129
21504,5,Good product Value for money But too much ink came out while printing,Printers,69
21505,5,Product good but one problem ink is a very little Ink with 3 boxes with send customer,Printers,85
21506,1,"Very bad, and no currently working, ink cartridges system is very bad",Printers,69
21507,5,Ink price is more,Printers,17
21508,1,Super very nice,Printers,15
21509,5,Glass broken... I am not satisfied....,Printers,38
21510,3,Thanks,Printers,6
21511,4,nice one,Printers,8
21512,5,Vice good product I live it,Printers,27
21513,5,Good,Printers,4
21514,1,Working well..,Printers,14
21515,5,Awesome product. Thank you Flipkart,Printers,35
21516,1,Best printer .. love it,Printers,23
21517,1,Its not a good printer and too costly.,Printers,38
21518,5,Very nice useful with all in one function😊,Printers,42
21519,5,Third class item,Printers,16
21520,4,Very bed product,Printers,16
21521,1,"Very good printer easy to use,small size continent for small jobs",Printers,65
21522,2,GOOD,Printers,4
21523,5,Value for money,Printers,15
21524,5,Not good,Printers,8
21525,1,Maintain to delivery time,Printers,25
21526,5,Great thanks,Printers,12
21527,4,Nice pinter,Printers,11
21528,4,20 A4 printout is enough to empty the catridges,Printers,47
21529,5,Very nice product,Printers,17
21530,5,Good product,Printers,12
21531,5,Good product,Printers,12
21532,1,Good,Printers,4
21533,3,Thanks🌹 flipkart I received a great products at this price..... Must buy this.....,Printers,82
21534,3,"Very well packed and easy to install.quality is really good with scan, colour print and copy. Need to work on cartridges once provided is over.",Printers,143
21535,5,Having a lot of problems with its inkkk,Printers,39
21536,4,Average quality not satisfied,Printers,29
21537,4,I have been using this Printer since many years and it is very bad and very costly to use.,Printers,90
21538,1,It is a very good printer for any of the work. This printer do all the of any type whatever it is color printing or blackandwhite printing. It is toooo good.👍👍👍🤟🤟✌️✌️🖨️🖨️🖨️,Printers,172
21539,3,Value for money,Printers,15
21540,4,Good product,Printers,12
21541,5,Good unit,Printers,9
21542,5,Good but scan quality is average and the catridges can print 100 pages approximately. Also refill of cartridge is not worked and purchase new one is costly.,Printers,156
21543,3,Nice 🖨️,Printers,7
21544,5,Very usefull,Printers,12
21545,5,Good,Printers,4
21546,5,Too fast black ink will be finished,Printers,35
21547,5,good.... nice product...,Printers,24
21548,5,Good product,Printers,12
21549,5,"Decent and affordable, please go for it ,it works great,only thing which puts a concern is replacing ink cartridges as they're costly .",Printers,135
21550,1,Good quality,Printers,12
21551,5,Nice products... Good printing at this price range,Printers,50
21552,3,NYC products,Printers,12
21553,4,Extremely poor Ink is over after just 50 prints,Printers,47
21554,4,Very very good product must buy this,Printers,36
21555,5,Very good quality,Printers,17
21556,5,Very useful with cheap rate. Those who can not afford the high price of catridge can look for the duplicate ink injection method. But that catridge need to change after the multiple injections .,Printers,194
21557,5,Good,Printers,4
21558,3,Very nice,Printers,9
21559,5,Nyc product. Full value of money,Printers,32
21560,5,Perfect product.. Value of money,Printers,32
21561,5,High ink use while printing...,Printers,30
21562,5,Simply super,Printers,12
21563,2,Superb product.,Printers,15
21564,1,Good product,Printers,12
21565,5,Best quality,Printers,12
21566,5,Kowaliti is not good,Printers,20
21567,3,"No refund policy, only replacement, once you purchased,you can't return it, don't buy it, don't waste money",Printers,107
21568,5,Good product,Printers,12
21569,5,Nice product,Printers,12
21570,5,This black ink end in few days Very bad product its ink empty on 20 print,Printers,73
21571,1,Good product 👍,Printers,14
21572,5,Good,Printers,4
21573,3,Nice,Printers,4
21574,5,Damaged,Printers,7
21575,1,Very nice product,Printers,17
21576,5,Good but buying cartridge again and again can cost too much while it's one cartridge can print approx 200 papers. I got bad scanner not working but service provided by company is too good,Printers,187
21577,4,For This Price Range Its Best...,Printers,32
21578,1,So bad,Printers,6
21579,3,Nice...,Printers,7
21580,5,Print is good,Printers,13
21581,4,Properly Not Working,Printers,20
21582,5,"Black n white print quality is good but color printing is very bad, not value for money...",Printers,90
21583,1,Very waist product no working properly,Printers,38
21584,5,Good,Printers,4
21585,1,𝒞𝒶𝓃𝑜𝓃 𝓅𝓇𝒾𝓃𝓉𝑒𝓇 𝒾𝓈 𝒶𝓂𝑒𝒿𝒾𝓃𝑔 𝓅𝓇𝑜𝒹𝓊𝒸𝓉 𝐼 𝓁𝑜𝓋𝑒 𝓅𝓇𝒾𝓃𝓉𝑒𝓇,Printers,47
21586,4,Not working printer west of money west of time,Printers,46
21587,5,good,Printers,4
21588,2,do not buy please very bad printer I hate,Printers,41
21589,5,Super,Printers,5
21590,1,Its not bad. Printing speed is very slow at the begening time.. you can you it,Printers,78
21591,5,This item product very very e bad my money is not working this product waste this,Printers,81
21592,1,Nice pri ter and print quality is good,Printers,38
21593,3,Printer has blinking error,Printers,26
21594,1,Nice product worth for value,Printers,28
21595,5,Don't buy,Printers,9
21596,5,Good but laser printer is better,Printers,32
21597,5,It is not working when I install the software and connect to laptop. Only the Xerox works. Very bad quality,Printers,107
21598,5,Nice,Printers,4
21599,1,This is Canon Mg2470 Printer Not Busines Purpose this only home and Small,Printers,73
21600,4,Nice printer 👍,Printers,14
21601,1,Nice,Printers,4
21602,5,Excellent product,Printers,17
21603,5,Good at its price 1000rs only.,Printers,30
21604,5,Don't buy this product,Printers,22
21605,2,Really loved the product and shipping services from the team Flipkart. Affordable product in budget with good features,Printers,118
21606,2,Good,Printers,4
21607,5,Good product,Printers,12
21608,4,don't buy it. totally waste product. ink cartridge price is high than other cartridges. ink cartridge price should be low. ink cartridge price is high but cartridge is very small product. ink cartdridge should be made by transparent glass for customer to see ink level in ink cartridge. ink cartridge gives only 20 pages . ink cartridges should be developed and ensured that ink is not to dry any way,Printers,400
21609,1,Ink capacity max 10 copies only  Wastage of money,Printers,49
21610,5,Nice,Printers,4
21611,1,Very poor because I have received damage product,Printers,48
21612,1,scanner is not working properly,Printers,31
21613,5,Amezing product thanks Flipkart,Printers,31
21614,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
21615,4,Sry not a good,Printers,14
21616,1,Perfect,Printers,7
21617,5,"Awesome Print, Scan and Copy. The delivery boy is so good.Thanks Flipkart.",Printers,74
21618,4,Fully satisfied with this printet,Printers,33
21619,1,Worse product.do not buy all in one products.does not work properly.,Printers,68
21620,2,Nice,Printers,4
21621,5,This good printer but ink cartridges or colour printing aslo good.,Printers,66
21622,1,Not good,Printers,8
21623,1,Worest product ... not satisfied,Printers,32
21624,5,"Super product and one day delivery, thankyou flipkart 👍👍",Printers,56
21625,3,It is not working at all,Printers,24
21626,2,Wrost product don't buy it,Printers,26
21627,5,Thank Flipkart,Printers,14
21628,5,Ink cartridge disappointed,Printers,26
21629,3,Not buying anyone,Printers,17
21630,1,Nice ...good working....,Printers,24
21631,1,A good printer at low cost and I suggest everyone to buy it for personal use.,Printers,77
21632,3,Ink is very costly. Its reduce it efficiency,Printers,44
21633,1,Worst,Printers,5
21634,1,It's too bad,Printers,12
21635,2,Good,Printers,4
21636,4,Didn't contact with mobile,Printers,26
21637,5,Carties ink is very poor ........,Printers,33
21638,5,Very bad printer,Printers,16
21639,5,"A good printer for normal home use. The colour print quality is awesome even on plane paper. @2900 it's best with all the needs, be it a colour printing, Xerox or any type of print out.",Printers,185
21640,5,Good,Printers,4
21641,1,This is a super printer And no ink in 15pages only,Printers,50
21642,4,Nice,Printers,4
21643,3,Nice,Printers,4
21644,5,Very problem,Printers,12
21645,2,PC not normal Canected,Printers,22
21646,1,"this print quality of this printer is average. I got it for 2700 rupee. If you refill the cartridge then it will be worth buying otherwise you'll have to change cartridges ,which is way more expensive.",Printers,201
21647,4,Packaging was not that good. But product is nice.,Printers,49
21648,3,Not working,Printers,11
21649,1,This product not working very bad quality very bad 😞 colour printing I am not happy,Printers,83
21650,5,Ok,Printers,2
21651,5,Ink is very expensive... Don't buy this product... You can buy g series canon printer b'coz the cost of print is very low...,Printers,124
21652,2,Guys don’t buy this really not usable and also when u print about 25-30 pages then u refill cartridge again and this process continues usually very bad experience frnds don’t buys this bad thing dont see about the price bcoz prize is low very low and I also watch the price and bought very happily but when I use them I realise what I have bought this messy thing really so frnds plz don’t buy this that’s all guys,Printers,414
21653,1,Good product 👍,Printers,14
21654,1,very good and soo use full and cheap also best printer,Printers,54
21655,4,Damage pise,Printers,11
21656,1,Very bad product,Printers,16
21657,1,Not functioning,Printers,15
21658,4,Very nice product in this prise..,Printers,33
21659,1,Bad product,Printers,11
21660,5,It's not useful,Printers,15
21661,5,Good product,Printers,12
21662,5,No Good,Printers,7
21663,1,All the features are excellent. But the cost of cartridges are high. But this is the scenario for all the inkjet printers.,Printers,122
21664,1,Best quality in best price range... But the price of cartige is too high,Printers,72
21665,1,This printer cartridges refill to same of ciss printer I am refilling from canon orignal ink printer is very good,Printers,113
21666,1,This is waste of money my printer don't on it so don't purchase waste of money,Printers,78
21667,4,Useless product,Printers,15
21668,5,Its not working,Printers,15
21669,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21670,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21671,5,Nice,Printers,4
21672,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21673,4,Good,Printers,4
21674,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21675,1,Good,Printers,4
21676,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21677,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21678,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21679,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21680,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21681,5,Nice,Printers,4
21682,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21683,4,Good,Printers,4
21684,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21685,1,Good,Printers,4
21686,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21687,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21688,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21689,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21690,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21691,5,Nice,Printers,4
21692,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21693,4,Good,Printers,4
21694,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21695,1,Good,Printers,4
21696,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21697,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21698,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21699,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21700,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21701,5,Nice,Printers,4
21702,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21703,4,Good,Printers,4
21704,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21705,1,Good,Printers,4
21706,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21707,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21708,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21709,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21710,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21711,5,Nice,Printers,4
21712,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21713,4,Good,Printers,4
21714,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21715,1,Good,Printers,4
21716,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21717,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21718,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21719,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21720,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21721,5,Nice,Printers,4
21722,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21723,4,Good,Printers,4
21724,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21725,1,Good,Printers,4
21726,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21727,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21728,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21729,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21730,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21731,5,Nice,Printers,4
21732,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21733,4,Good,Printers,4
21734,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21735,1,Good,Printers,4
21736,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21737,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21738,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21739,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21740,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21741,5,Nice,Printers,4
21742,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21743,4,Good,Printers,4
21744,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21745,1,Good,Printers,4
21746,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21747,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21748,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21749,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21750,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21751,5,Nice,Printers,4
21752,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21753,4,Good,Printers,4
21754,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21755,1,Good,Printers,4
21756,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21757,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21758,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21759,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21760,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21761,5,Nice,Printers,4
21762,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21763,4,Good,Printers,4
21764,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21765,1,Good,Printers,4
21766,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21767,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21768,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21769,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21770,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21771,5,Nice,Printers,4
21772,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21773,4,Good,Printers,4
21774,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21775,1,Good,Printers,4
21776,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21777,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21778,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21779,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21780,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21781,5,Nice,Printers,4
21782,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21783,4,Good,Printers,4
21784,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21785,1,Good,Printers,4
21786,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21787,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21788,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21789,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21790,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21791,5,Nice,Printers,4
21792,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21793,4,Good,Printers,4
21794,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21795,1,Good,Printers,4
21796,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21797,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21798,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21799,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21800,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21801,5,Nice,Printers,4
21802,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21803,4,Good,Printers,4
21804,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21805,1,Good,Printers,4
21806,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21807,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21808,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21809,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21810,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21811,5,Nice,Printers,4
21812,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21813,4,Good,Printers,4
21814,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21815,1,Good,Printers,4
21816,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21817,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21818,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21819,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21820,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21821,5,Nice,Printers,4
21822,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21823,4,Good,Printers,4
21824,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21825,1,Good,Printers,4
21826,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21827,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21828,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21829,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21830,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21831,5,Nice,Printers,4
21832,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21833,4,Good,Printers,4
21834,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21835,1,Good,Printers,4
21836,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21837,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21838,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21839,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21840,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21841,5,Nice,Printers,4
21842,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21843,4,Good,Printers,4
21844,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21845,1,Good,Printers,4
21846,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21847,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21848,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21849,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21850,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21851,5,Nice,Printers,4
21852,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21853,4,Good,Printers,4
21854,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21855,1,Good,Printers,4
21856,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21857,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21858,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21859,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21860,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21861,5,Nice,Printers,4
21862,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21863,4,Good,Printers,4
21864,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21865,1,Good,Printers,4
21866,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21867,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21868,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21869,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21870,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21871,5,Nice,Printers,4
21872,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21873,4,Good,Printers,4
21874,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21875,1,Good,Printers,4
21876,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21877,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21878,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21879,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21880,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21881,5,Nice,Printers,4
21882,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21883,4,Good,Printers,4
21884,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21885,1,Good,Printers,4
21886,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21887,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21888,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21889,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21890,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21891,5,Nice,Printers,4
21892,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21893,4,Good,Printers,4
21894,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21895,1,Good,Printers,4
21896,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21897,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21898,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21899,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21900,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21901,5,Nice,Printers,4
21902,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21903,4,Good,Printers,4
21904,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21905,1,Good,Printers,4
21906,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21907,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21908,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21909,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21910,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21911,5,Nice,Printers,4
21912,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21913,4,Good,Printers,4
21914,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21915,1,Good,Printers,4
21916,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21917,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21918,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21919,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21920,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21921,5,Nice,Printers,4
21922,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21923,4,Good,Printers,4
21924,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21925,1,Good,Printers,4
21926,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21927,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21928,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21929,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21930,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21931,5,Nice,Printers,4
21932,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21933,4,Good,Printers,4
21934,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21935,1,Good,Printers,4
21936,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21937,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21938,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21939,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21940,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21941,5,Nice,Printers,4
21942,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21943,4,Good,Printers,4
21944,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21945,1,Good,Printers,4
21946,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21947,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21948,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21949,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21950,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21951,5,Nice,Printers,4
21952,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21953,4,Good,Printers,4
21954,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21955,1,Good,Printers,4
21956,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21957,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21958,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21959,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21960,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21961,5,Nice,Printers,4
21962,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21963,4,Good,Printers,4
21964,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21965,1,Good,Printers,4
21966,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21967,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21968,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21969,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21970,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21971,5,Nice,Printers,4
21972,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21973,4,Good,Printers,4
21974,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21975,1,Good,Printers,4
21976,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21977,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21978,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21979,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21980,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21981,5,Nice,Printers,4
21982,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21983,4,Good,Printers,4
21984,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21985,1,Good,Printers,4
21986,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21987,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21988,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21989,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
21990,5,Excellent,Printers,9
21991,5,Nice,Printers,4
21992,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
21993,4,Good,Printers,4
21994,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
21995,1,Good,Printers,4
21996,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
21997,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
21998,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
21999,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
22000,5,Excellent,Printers,9
22001,5,Nice,Printers,4
22002,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
22003,4,Good,Printers,4
22004,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
22005,1,Good,Printers,4
22006,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
22007,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
22008,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
22009,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
22010,5,Excellent,Printers,9
22011,5,Nice,Printers,4
22012,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
22013,4,Good,Printers,4
22014,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
22015,1,Good,Printers,4
22016,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
22017,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
22018,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
22019,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
22020,5,Excellent,Printers,9
22021,5,Nice,Printers,4
22022,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
22023,4,Good,Printers,4
22024,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
22025,1,Good,Printers,4
22026,1,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
22027,4,Damage Product,Printers,14
22028,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
22029,5,"Pls do not purchase this product my humble request pls do not purchase any one this product ink cartridge colour finish do not work in print,xerox so again u ink refill but not work so u again purchase this print cartridge",Printers,222
22030,5,Excellent,Printers,9
22031,5,Nice,Printers,4
22032,5,For small purpose it is very nice to use.,Printers,41
22033,4,Good,Printers,4
22034,1,Great product at low prices,Printers,27
22035,1,Good,Printers,4
22036,4,Good product im happy with this product,Printers,39
22037,1,Damage Product,Printers,14
22038,5,Not satisfied black colour is only 7 pages,Printers,42
22039,5,Perfect for office and home use ..fully satisfied,Printers,49
22040,1,Dont buy. Color print will come only for 10 to 12 times. Again we need to add colors to printer. Too much cost.  No use with this,Printers,129
22041,3,Nice,Printers,4
22042,5,Good,Printers,4
22043,5,This is very bad product Print speed slow and some time not working Don't buy this,Printers,82
22044,3,Nice,Printers,4
22045,5,Super,Printers,5
22046,5,Super,Printers,5
22047,1,Good working,Printers,12
22048,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22049,2,Good product,Printers,12
22050,4,Very poor,Printers,9
22051,1,Awesome 😍🥰 Must buy product Recommended,Printers,39
22052,1,Printer is not working,Printers,22
22053,2,Good product.,Printers,13
22054,5,Tou can afford the printer but not the cartridges. Single cartridge cost more than 700 rs but prints only 30 pages.,Printers,115
22055,4,very bad product😡😡😡 cadrige ink problem,Printers,39
22056,5,60-70 page in print & ink is Insufficient,Printers,41
22057,5,Super,Printers,5
22058,1,A good basic printer from canon....,Printers,35
22059,1,Awesome...Must buy.,Printers,19
22060,3,"Working capacity printing,copy and scan are best but, cartridges has empty in some printing of pages",Printers,100
22061,5,Not expected from Flipkart,Printers,26
22062,1,Very bad product.... Do not buy .save your money 😡😡😡😡😭,Printers,54
22063,3,Nice product delivered before expected schedule very fast service like it  Canon printer scanner and copier very nice product . Print quality is very good I appericiate and recomond to buy this product.,Printers,202
22064,1,Super ❣️ beautiful 😍 product,Printers,28
22065,5,Very bad not working,Printers,20
22066,2,Ok,Printers,2
22067,5,Bad product... Don't purchase this....,Printers,38
22068,1,Good product,Printers,12
22069,1,"Printer is okay, but maintenance is very costly. Every time we change the cartridge it asks for Printer Head Alignment which consumes lots of ink. The black cartridge hardly prints 20 pages.",Printers,190
22070,4,Good,Printers,4
22071,4,Product is well but cartage is so high price .,Printers,46
22072,5,Very bad,Printers,8
22073,3,Works good . Print quality is good.,Printers,35
22074,4,Nice and long lasting product. Recommended 👌,Printers,44
22075,3,Good printer,Printers,12
22076,1,good,Printers,4
22077,5,But ink level is low,Printers,20
22078,5,Good product but paper print costly,Printers,35
22079,2,Totally waste of amount .This canon MG2570S printer the black and colour link only comes just 20paper The link amount is 625 . Single paper cost for printing RS 31 for colour RS 50 . Totally amount is waste,Printers,206
22080,4,Good product in this price range This is so good...,Printers,51
22081,5,Very nice product 👌👍,Printers,20
22082,4,That's not good,Printers,15
22083,5,Nice printer for home use,Printers,25
22084,5,Superb seller and a very budget friendly printer and I really love it it’s even installed on my Mac PC thanks a lot,Printers,115
22085,1,Nice printer,Printers,12
22086,1,Ok ... Good...,Printers,14
22087,3,5.0 out of 5 stars perfect scanner for the cost if you stop using the printer. the scanner function of this printer is good with color accuracy.,Printers,144
22088,5,very poor used for an year . got damaged,Printers,40
22089,5,Product is lower quality....and no help flipcart and no support canon .. don't buy this product,Printers,95
22090,5,Not bad personal 💻 use only not for regular,Printers,43
22091,5,Nice,Printers,4
22092,4,very nice product very good printing,Printers,36
22093,2,Good,Printers,4
22094,5,Simply excellent,Printers,16
22095,3,Good,Printers,4
22096,5,Medium amount pay of money,Printers,26
22097,5,Good printer,Printers,12
22098,1,Ok,Printers,2
22099,5,Nice 👍👍,Printers,7
22100,5,Very nice and good quality product,Printers,34
22101,1,Worst product...don't buy,Printers,25
22102,1,I just wantnt to ....... nonsence products,Printers,42
22103,1,Extremely good product. Value for money 🤑💰. Everyone recommend it. Very good product.,Printers,85
22104,3,Written by Printer,Printers,18
22105,4,This printer is waste of money. Pls dont buy this printer,Printers,57
22106,5,Local quality,Printers,13
22107,5,Ok,Printers,2
22108,4,Good,Printers,4
22109,5,Nice,Printers,4
22110,4,super,Printers,5
22111,1,Nice print,Printers,10
22112,1,It's to good,Printers,12
22113,5,Nice,Printers,4
22114,1,It's very poor product worst money because this product...validity only 2 month iske baad kharab ho gya service center wale bhi thik nhi kr rhe hai,Printers,147
22115,5,Not good cotrage price is very high,Printers,35
22116,4,Good product.,Printers,13
22117,5,It low quality product plz do not buy this,Printers,42
22118,1,Good product,Printers,12
22119,5,A better choice,Printers,15
22120,2,Super,Printers,5
22121,4,"Cartride is too costly, printing price too much.",Printers,48
22122,5,Nice product good printing quality.,Printers,35
22123,1,Wastage of money. Cartridge is costly & prints much lesser no. of Pages per filling,Printers,83
22124,1,Very nice product for home use... Excellent quality of printing,Printers,63
22125,5,Best,Printers,4
22126,4,Worst product,Printers,13
22127,4,Printar is no ok no mor,Printers,23
22128,2,Happy👌,Printers,6
22129,2,"Value for money, good product",Printers,29
22130,5,Good👍👍👍,Printers,7
22131,1,Very Expensive at least 40 copies from 1 cartridge 1cartrige price will 680 RS - printing quality so good cheap product,Printers,119
22132,5,Very bad quality of printing,Printers,28
22133,1,Product is best,Printers,15
22134,4,This product are already used,Printers,29
22135,1,Good,Printers,4
22136,1,Performance is worthless,Printers,24
22137,5,Its good for me,Printers,15
22138,4,Very poor it's not working.,Printers,27
22139,1,No accesories available full damage products don't buy,Printers,54
22140,5,Not bad,Printers,7
22141,5,Nice printer Xerox quality of printing is good,Printers,46
22142,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
22143,5,Very good Printer it has all features required except wireless connection!. Best buy for the rate 3000. Don't think just go for it! Even customer service of canon is too good responded quickly for installation.,Printers,210
22144,2,Percent kite pen Kat he,Printers,23
22145,5,Awesome 😎,Printers,9
22146,5,Ossmmmm products like it's,Printers,26
22147,4,Bad quilty,Printers,10
22148,5,Good product......shandar,Printers,25
22149,1,Very good👍.... Buy good,Printers,23
22150,5,"Print, copy,scan quality is very good.But it has not ink refilling system or CISS kit.But if you could instal CISS kit buying from online.Then you could have a better printer. CISS kit instalation process available on youtube.",Printers,226
22151,5,Excellent product.,Printers,18
22152,5,don't get tempted by seeing low cost after using 1 or 2 months it will be use less bcz after out of ink cartridge it is useless ink cartridge was to cost even printing cost also to high,Printers,185
22153,2,Nice,Printers,4
22154,5,"Excellent work This is working colour, black & white It's working in window I use this printer 🖨 for home uses Thanks for this product Watch My unboxing video on yt My channel ( android lot )",Printers,191
22155,5,Vary nice,Printers,9
22156,4,"Waste product, don't buy this printer",Printers,37
22157,1,Good,Printers,4
22158,1,Good product,Printers,12
22159,5,Nice e,Printers,6
22160,4,Bad,Printers,3
22161,5,Ink problem leack cartige,Printers,25
22162,5,Its a very good product,Printers,23
22163,1,Good one in that price,Printers,22
22164,1,good experience.,Printers,16
22165,5,Good one..,Printers,10
22166,1,Not working properly,Printers,20
22167,5,very bad product 🤬🤬🤧,Printers,20
22168,5,Good product i like thankyou,Printers,28
22169,1,Nice printer,Printers,12
22170,2,Gud experience with flipkart,Printers,28
22171,3,Very nice printer and good working,Printers,34
22172,1,Sometimes make trouble in printing and scanning Ink cartridge over within 1week,Printers,79
22173,5,Prin quality kamjor hai,Printers,23
22174,1,Very good product,Printers,17
22175,4,"This product are not best , please not buy",Printers,42
22176,5,Very nice Pinter,Printers,16
22177,5,It's poor printing not properly worked,Printers,38
22178,5,The printer is good..... After using 1month am telling.... And for me is not regular use.... Sometimes only so for me it's good,Printers,127
22179,4,"Decent printer, can buy",Printers,23
22180,3,Printer packing was good and printer quality is satisfied me price is more otherwise overall printer is worth to buy,Printers,116
22181,4,Very good. Product,Printers,18
22182,5,Good,Printers,4
22183,1,good bt noisy,Printers,13
22184,5,Good,Printers,4
22185,1,This is best,Printers,12
22186,1,I hate it. Don't buy 70 page can print with one cartridge.,Printers,58
22187,1,Very nice,Printers,9
22188,4,Does not work and not connected by phone and after 10 days stop working,Printers,71
22189,5,Poor,Printers,4
22190,3,Very bad product...,Printers,19
22191,5,nice product,Printers,12
22192,5,Ok,Printers,2
22193,5,Value for money,Printers,15
22194,2,Very nice printer,Printers,17
22195,1,god,Printers,3
22196,4,This printer is very good for home used,Printers,39
22197,5,Waste,Printers,5
22198,1,The product is not working properly don't buy electronic things on Flipkart waste of money they response very late,Printers,114
22199,2,It's fully worthy. Good quality,Printers,31
22200,5,Supper,Printers,6
22201,5,Not working,Printers,11
22202,5,Very bad product,Printers,16
22203,2,osm,Printers,3
22204,2,Good printer,Printers,12
22205,1,God,Printers,3
22206,4,"just prints....but print quality is not at all near to that of hp Deskjet 1000. very very slow & that too with huge noise. while paper pickup , makes noise like that of a hammer & it feels like the printer is going to break now. I never used cannon, & I feel I was good with hp. Will switch back to it",Printers,301
22207,5,waste of money,Printers,14
22208,1,Very bed item,Printers,13
22209,3,Nice,Printers,4
22210,5,Super super,Printers,11
22211,1,Very good printer canon tha,Printers,27
22212,5,Okey,Printers,4
22213,5,Super,Printers,5
22214,1,"Don't buy this printer if u r using Chromebook, its good for windows...",Printers,71
22215,1,nice product,Printers,12
22216,4,Op printer in the world,Printers,23
22217,5,Very bad products..👎👎👎👎👎👎👎,Printers,26
22218,5,Don't like,Printers,10
22219,1,Good,Printers,4
22220,5,Good,Printers,4
22221,5,Nice product. And essay use,Printers,27
22222,4,don't buy it.. tootaly wasted money,Printers,35
22223,3,Amazing product,Printers,15
22224,1,Excellent,Printers,9
22225,1,Best,Printers,4
22226,3,Take some time to print even if there is only paper to print that's my observation till now,Printers,91
22227,1,"Ink cartridge problem ,",Printers,23
22228,1,Good,Printers,4
22229,5,"Pinter is a best for related to ration amount, Otherwise used to himself it's Best solution.",Printers,92
22230,5,Good,Printers,4
22231,4,Very bad,Printers,8
22232,1,Super quality,Printers,13
22233,5,Nice products Nice quality,Printers,26
22234,5,Product is good but there is no return or replace option..it shows if any problem u can call canon helpline,Printers,107
22235,5,Ink wont last more than 2 days,Printers,30
22236,5,It's very good product,Printers,22
22237,1,This is my 1st Printer.. 100% value of money,Printers,44
22238,3,Super product,Printers,13
22239,1,Amazing printer in this money I bought only in 2800 ruppes and this is working properly,Printers,87
22240,5,This printer is not working. My money is waste.humne cancel karne ki koshish ki Lakin cancel nahi Hua. I hate this item.,Printers,120
22241,1,It not to print more than 70 papers from 1 inkjet,Printers,49
22242,5,No work smart Red Light bling 100 print ke bad,Printers,46
22243,4,Best Printer for Students 💞🔥,Printers,28
22244,4,It's ink is very poor it comes only for less than 200 pages only,Printers,64
22245,1,Nice 👌 😊,Printers,8
22246,5,Good,Printers,4
22247,1,Works well,Printers,10
22248,1,Very bad working,Printers,16
22249,5,Good product from Flipkart,Printers,26
22250,2,This is so fast not printing But you are telling lies,Printers,53
22251,1,Canon pixma printer not working,Printers,31
22252,2,Ok,Printers,2
22253,5,printer ok but ink too cast so dont buy this one,Printers,48
22254,3,Waste of money,Printers,14
22255,1,Make Too Much Sound while printing the Documents.,Printers,49
22256,5,Value for money,Printers,15
22257,1,Stupid Product worst printer   First remove low cast products,Printers,61
22258,5,Don't purchase this product. It is clearly waste your money.,Printers,60
22259,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22260,4,Waste,Printers,5
22261,5,nice product,Printers,12
22262,5,Best Product.,Printers,13
22263,5,Good product,Printers,12
22264,1,It's a very good,Printers,16
22265,3,Wonderful products,Printers,18
22266,5,Om namo Very nice products Thanks to flipkart,Printers,45
22267,5,disappointing  dont buy,Printers,23
22268,1,damaged piece,Printers,13
22269,3,Suparb,Printers,6
22270,1,Nice printer.,Printers,13
22271,1,Don't buy Canon product Waste product. Don't waste money  Buy HP,Printers,64
22272,3,printer is ok but tooo much costly printing cost new cottage too expensive,Printers,74
22273,5,"Bed quality not printing, cartridge damage",Printers,42
22274,1,"Bad product, ... For home uges, bad for heavy uges☹️, dont west your money, printer is very bad ,",Printers,97
22275,3,Bad quality,Printers,11
22276,4,Best in price,Printers,13
22277,5,Waste product dont buy,Printers,22
22278,1,good,Printers,4
22279,3,Good but less ink less print,Printers,28
22280,5,Good product,Printers,12
22281,1,Very worst product don't order 😒,Printers,32
22282,1,Ink problem black,Printers,17
22283,1,Damge,Printers,5
22284,1,Bad exeperienec..Now I need to spend more than on printing ink then the Printer cost,Printers,84
22285,5,Very bed,Printers,8
22286,3,Vest product I suggested you don't buy this,Printers,43
22287,5,Printer is not working from first day and no one helping,Printers,56
22288,4,Good condition,Printers,14
22289,5,Ok,Printers,2
22290,4,Good product👍👌,Printers,14
22291,5,Nice,Printers,4
22292,1,Good,Printers,4
22293,5,Nice,Printers,4
22294,1,Very useful product,Printers,19
22295,1,Too small amount of ink in cartridge,Printers,36
22296,1,Very nice,Printers,9
22297,1,Very bad,Printers,8
22298,5,Dont buy this printer it dont work just half paper stuck no print. No copy . Not even scan. Today is my first day. Even customer care will not return this product.,Printers,163
22299,5,Very nice 🙂 canon,Printers,17
22300,2,Problem,Printers,7
22301,5,Very good,Printers,9
22302,5,Good product,Printers,12
22303,5,Waste of money. The ink cost is very high,Printers,41
22304,1,Good,Printers,4
22305,4,Excellent,Printers,9
22306,3,Print ravadam ledhu,Printers,19
22307,1,Ink promlem,Printers,11
22308,5,Excellent product,Printers,17
22309,5,Good,Printers,4
22310,2,Not working properly after 1month,Printers,33
22311,5,Love it,Printers,7
22312,1,Outstanding printer quality... But cartridge are very expensive... so ink refilling is quite difficult in case of cartridge...,Printers,126
22313,2,Don't buy this printer all time cartridge refill,Printers,48
22314,5,"Nice printer ,",Printers,14
22315,1,Very very bad,Printers,13
22316,5,It's my big mistake to bought the printer.After finishing the ink(cartridge) no one able to refill it. And the New cartridges are so expensive.then what to do please suggest,Printers,173
22317,5,Ok,Printers,2
22318,1,"Sweetch is proparly not work, printing time so high, some time it's not work",Printers,76
22319,3,"nice product,super processing performance,good quality black/colour paper print.",Printers,80
22320,2,Very good quality,Printers,17
22321,3,Not working,Printers,11
22322,3,Good,Printers,4
22323,4,Bad condition,Printers,13
22324,1,Average Good,Printers,12
22325,5,"You are don, t waste your money,  Bad image quality",Printers,51
22326,4,Good for low prints,Printers,19
22327,1,Very poor,Printers,9
22328,3,Best,Printers,4
22329,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22330,5,"Till now I have just printed only 20 copies, with the help of otg by my mobile. But the cartridge is very small. There is no indication how to refill the cartridge. I will give feedback after the finish of the ink.",Printers,214
22331,5,Nice,Printers,4
22332,5,Brillent product nice👍👍👍👍👍,Printers,26
22333,5,Superb... Hope it will work well as its just the first day i m posting my review here ☺️,Printers,88
22334,5,Thank you so much,Printers,17
22335,3,osm product,Printers,11
22336,5,Valuebale and worthable,Printers,23
22337,5,Good product,Printers,12
22338,5,It is okay,Printers,10
22339,5,"Awesome product for this price 👍 copy, print & scan all in one product 👍 very happy with the product 👍 Thank you Flipkart 👍",Printers,123
22340,5,Very good in scanning,Printers,21
22341,5,Nice,Printers,4
22342,1,Good quality,Printers,12
22343,5,Very nice printer,Printers,17
22344,4,Good👍,Printers,5
22345,3,"I have received a damage product. I request you not to order this Canon PixMA printer. If any problem comes, it will not be possible. I have received damage and neither of these is being recovered. Neither can my money be returned. Never order orders from Flipkart",Printers,264
22346,5,Good,Printers,4
22347,1,This products is very good ☺️😊,Printers,30
22348,3,Quite good product for students ...,Printers,35
22349,1,This is a absolutely nice product Print quality is very nice in this price And Delivery is very fast Thanks for (COD) Flipkart Team,Printers,131
22350,5,Bad products,Printers,12
22351,3,Ok good but refill unlike,Printers,25
22352,5,Bad product. Money in water.,Printers,28
22353,5,Very nice product but work is slow,Printers,34
22354,5,Fine product,Printers,12
22355,5,Good,Printers,4
22356,5,Good products,Printers,13
22357,3,Good printer in this price range,Printers,32
22358,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22359,5,Sahi delivery Sahi packing No defect Picture quality is superb,Printers,62
22360,5,Not comfortable,Printers,15
22361,5,Nice working,Printers,12
22362,2,Good,Printers,4
22363,5,Nice👍👍👍👍👍,Printers,9
22364,5,Nice,Printers,4
22365,5,Not satisfied with item,Printers,23
22366,3,Supper,Printers,6
22367,1,Excellent,Printers,9
22368,5,Its printed nice,Printers,16
22369,4,This products all good I'm very happy with this product,Printers,55
22370,5,Very bad experience I suggest to everyone don't buy this product this product is not costly but ink cartridges is very high rate,Printers,128
22371,1,Awesome,Printers,7
22372,5,Good for home usages. Scan quality is very good. Printing is ok. I'm using this for approximately 3 years.,Printers,106
22373,5,It's absolutely perfect printer at this price,Printers,45
22374,5,Bad,Printers,3
22375,3,Good,Printers,4
22376,1,very good,Printers,9
22377,5,Good,Printers,4
22378,5,ink price high,Printers,14
22379,1,Not working,Printers,11
22380,5,Love the product.It is good for home use.,Printers,41
22381,5,Nic one,Printers,7
22382,5,Bad product,Printers,11
22383,1,Very nice printer,Printers,17
22384,5,Very nice product iam very happy .thanku canon pixma team,Printers,57
22385,1,No gd no bad,Printers,12
22386,5,This printer no good. Slow printing. Start time so late. Printing quality not good. My print not work after 15 day.,Printers,115
22387,5,Nice but slow,Printers,13
22388,1,Don't buy,Printers,9
22389,3,Super,Printers,5
22390,5,If you convert this into ciss tank....then this is best product at low price and multifunctional,Printers,96
22391,5,Very bad product,Printers,16
22392,1,Print quality is good but ink cartridge is very low print,Printers,57
22393,4,Nice prodect IM HAPPYE,Printers,22
22394,5,Good 👍👍👍👍,Printers,9
22395,5,Very bad product glossary paper is not accept,Printers,45
22396,2,Good for this price range.... Suitable for home ..,Printers,50
22397,5,Wowww,Printers,5
22398,5,Nice,Printers,4
22399,4,Very poor product 3 photo copy nikli hai Bhai khalab ho gaya,Printers,60
22400,5,Good product Very useful for home and office 🙂,Printers,46
22401,5,Very nice,Printers,9
22402,5,Not bad,Printers,7
22403,5,Genuine product from Flipkart and totally satisfied,Printers,51
22404,5,Can buy,Printers,7
22405,5,Super excellent product,Printers,23
22406,5,Good,Printers,4
22407,5,Thanks Cannon inject fast on delivery tomarow,Printers,45
22408,1,Chinese product . Buy indian product only. Let's start making. But when we start manufacturing printer like cannon Chinese will develop printer that will print entire city,Printers,171
22409,4,Amazing,Printers,7
22410,5,Awesome printer love it working very fast & easy,Printers,48
22411,5,Faltu quality,Printers,13
22412,2,Good product,Printers,12
22413,5,Excellent product,Printers,17
22414,4,Good 😁😁,Printers,7
22415,1,Weast product... flipkart bhaga thirchindhi,Printers,43
22416,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
22417,5,Bad product,Printers,11
22418,3,Please don't buy this product,Printers,29
22419,1,Happy,Printers,5
22420,1,Very nice,Printers,9
22421,1,Good,Printers,4
22422,5,Don't buy this totally west,Printers,27
22423,5,Catridge is fast worst product😭,Printers,31
22424,3,If fill ink also its showing refill ink signal and also not connecting to printer product not good.,Printers,99
22425,5,Nice products,Printers,13
22426,3,Very nice 😊😊,Printers,12
22427,5,Per print cost very expensive 6.70 paise per single print so dont purchase,Printers,74
22428,1,Good quality,Printers,12
22429,5,Good,Printers,4
22430,1,Thank you,Printers,9
22431,1,Very bad product,Printers,16
22432,5,Nice product 👍👍👍👍👍 Good quality ☺️☺️,Printers,36
22433,1,Bad product print quality very poor,Printers,35
22434,5,It's very bad product for use. it do not work properly. so i sases you don't buy this product. loge to pachhataoge.,Printers,115
22435,2,Very good product,Printers,17
22436,4,Wrost item.. Got only 10 copies of print.. unable to print.. ink over...Not functuning,Printers,86
22437,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22438,4,Not a good printer 🙂,Printers,20
22439,2,Nice product,Printers,12
22440,1,Nice,Printers,4
22441,5,Nice,Printers,4
22442,3,"Makes too much noise for everything, print scan copt",Printers,52
22443,2,Very noisy and expansive cartridge ...,Printers,38
22444,5,I liked it,Printers,10
22445,5,Catridge cappasity very low,Printers,27
22446,5,Ink,Printers,3
22447,4,Nice,Printers,4
22448,1,Superb,Printers,6
22449,5,Nice,Printers,4
22450,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22451,5,Ok,Printers,2
22452,5,Very nice printer very nice printer but ink it's so heavy range,Printers,63
22453,5,Super item,Printers,10
22454,5,Nice Product,Printers,12
22455,5,Best product,Printers,12
22456,5,Gud working,Printers,11
22457,5,Very good product 😊,Printers,19
22458,5,Super,Printers,5
22459,4,Good,Printers,4
22460,1,Good product within this price range,Printers,36
22461,5,Very nice,Printers,9
22462,5,Good,Printers,4
22463,5,"Very bad product, don't waste money...",Printers,38
22464,1,Good prodect,Printers,12
22465,5,nice product 👍🏻👌👌,Printers,17
22466,5,Average good product,Printers,20
22467,2,Waste of money in this printer. This gives you very little number of paint in his colour. Very poor quality printer but is OK to use in home.,Printers,141
22468,5,"Pixma 2570 is a fast printer and gives a great output. It's at times a bit noisy, but we need to understand that this is compact all in one and not a heavy duty printer. I have already ran out of black cartridge. I got the ink from Flipkart and has tried refilling black and color cartridge with ease.",Printers,301
22469,1,Super printer,Printers,13
22470,1,NOT bAD,Printers,7
22471,4,Good,Printers,4
22472,1,Very very good product,Printers,22
22473,4,Dont buy this,Printers,13
22474,4,Thank flipkart. Printer is very good.,Printers,37
22475,4,ink very expensive,Printers,18
22476,1,Amazing printer,Printers,15
22477,1,Best printer,Printers,12
22478,5,Good,Printers,4
22479,2,Wrost,Printers,5
22480,5,Damaged,Printers,7
22481,3,Supr gd,Printers,7
22482,1,"Catridge are costly, and after taken 100 pages of print its asking for refill the catridge. High maitainance or else product is good",Printers,132
22483,4,Nice product,Printers,12
22484,3,Good price,Printers,10
22485,3,Bad,Printers,3
22486,1,Good product,Printers,12
22487,1,All over performance is good but the cartridge rate was high thats the main problem of this,Printers,91
22488,5,"Damage product delivered, black and white print image and writing good but colour print out quality is bad.",Printers,107
22489,5,Very bad product. Print is not properly only print conner.,Printers,58
22490,5,Bad,Printers,3
22491,5,Nice printer and average print quality,Printers,38
22492,4,Love this printer,Printers,17
22493,5,Good product,Printers,12
22494,1,Viray nice,Printers,10
22495,5,This printer is not connecting with pc,Printers,38
22496,3,Nice,Printers,4
22497,5,Amazing and All Features Are Available In This Printer. At This Price Range😻😱. But The Main Prblem Is The Cartrage . Catrage Need to Be Clean Every Day . but The Printer Is Awesome If You Take Care Of It.🔥 Go For It.,Printers,216
22498,5,It works very fine..although the delivery was late but the product was in a very fine condition .the service was really appreciable.,Printers,132
22499,5,Gud,Printers,3
22500,5,Very nice product,Printers,17
22501,4,Printer is not worked what can I do,Printers,35
22502,1,Super printer,Printers,13
22503,3,nice,Printers,4
22504,1,Good,Printers,4
22505,3,Not trying this product,Printers,23
22506,4,Nice products,Printers,13
22507,1,Return the printer damage,Printers,25
22508,5,Product is as per specified..but the packaging wasn't that good..may be the handling in transportation was bad.. corners of the packaging was totally broken...but it was okay. Product wasn't damage at all.,Printers,205
22509,1,its very good,Printers,13
22510,5,Its very horrible to install and also ink charges also very high its waste product,Printers,82
22511,5,Thanks corseca and flipkart,Printers,27
22512,2,Faltu do not by this That item is very bad,Printers,42
22513,1,Nice product,Printers,12
22514,5,Nice,Printers,4
22515,1,Product is not work properly.,Printers,29
22516,5,"Really bad experience with the product, no proper packing, doesn't look like brand new product. Accessory are",Printers,109
22517,3,Best for home,Printers,13
22518,5,Cartiradge have very low ink,Printers,28
22519,1,Screching in page,Printers,17
22520,5,Product Is good but usb Cable are missing in this Box .,Printers,55
22521,1,Satisfied,Printers,9
22522,5,Wast one don't buy it don't waste your money,Printers,44
22523,5,Working good and worthy,Printers,23
22524,4,Ink problem,Printers,11
22525,5,Not poor image,Printers,14
22526,3,Amazing product really...and very helpful bczz it multi functional and it's new to me bczz it performs fast as it is a Inkjet printer..,Printers,135
22527,5,Ink,Printers,3
22528,5,Nice product. I love flipkart ❤️,Printers,32
22529,5,It's good,Printers,9
22530,4,Good,Printers,4
22531,5,Nice,Printers,4
22532,3,Good product..,Printers,14
22533,5,Nice,Printers,4
22534,5,Perfect canon printer thanks filpkart,Printers,37
22535,4,Ok,Printers,2
22536,3,Nyc,Printers,3
22537,5,Good print,Printers,10
22538,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22539,5,good but cartidge price is very high expensive,Printers,46
22540,4,"Nice product. Easy to use. Can work as copier. Little expensive ink. Drivers installation takes some time but once done, works fine.",Printers,132
22541,4,Awesome products,Printers,16
22542,1,good product,Printers,12
22543,1,Good for small work,Printers,19
22544,4,Good product value for money. A best product in this price range,Printers,64
22545,3,Don't waste your money...ink cartridge is leaking and printing s not clear...,Printers,77
22546,3,Not good,Printers,8
22547,3,Osm,Printers,3
22548,1,The product i's okie but when the cartridge ink when buy seperate the price is high.,Printers,84
22549,5,Nice products,Printers,13
22550,1,Good printer,Printers,12
22551,5,Bad,Printers,3
22552,5,Good experience,Printers,15
22553,5,Very bad product don't buy it,Printers,29
22554,1,Super sir but ink will no print 100 pages sir,Printers,45
22555,5,Nice printer budget price,Printers,25
22556,1,Soo..Good,Printers,9
22557,4,Worst product. Waste of money.... not buy this product,Printers,54
22558,1,Nice,Printers,4
22559,5,Ink poblam guys not refling very bad podact pepper cost high incase refilling no warranty very careful parches podact I am not happy,Printers,132
22560,3,"But the price was too high at the time Rs 3299, but now 2699. Good working printer",Printers,82
22561,4,This machine is not working properly .so please buy this product and this Flipkart agency is not responding properly pls give me a proper response,Printers,146
22562,5,Printer is good but the ink value is high.,Printers,42
22563,1,Good,Printers,4
22564,5,Good for home use,Printers,17
22565,1,Good,Printers,4
22566,2,Black ink printing ..light color... Cartridge which come from printer is just few pages ..indicator blinking you should change black cartridge immediatelyy...,Printers,158
22567,3,Best product thanku uhh flipkart,Printers,32
22568,5,This is pordak no raning,Printers,24
22569,5,Very slow printer Cartridge very costly Prints max 60 pages Refill through injection possible but print quality bad Overall go for laser if print more than 100 pages a month,Printers,173
22570,5,Ok,Printers,2
22571,5,Best product,Printers,12
22572,1,Very good performance,Printers,21
22573,5,It's really worth,Printers,17
22574,5,Very good,Printers,9
22575,5,Bad product,Printers,11
22576,3,Excellent,Printers,9
22577,1,Very good product,Printers,17
22578,5,Vikash good,Printers,11
22579,5,Nice product but colour copy is verry poor n verry bad,Printers,54
22580,4,Waste of money only 50 prints taken ink drained completely.,Printers,59
22581,4,Excellent,Printers,9
22582,5,"Im very happy with the product , it is working perfectly",Printers,56
22583,5,Nice,Printers,4
22584,4,"Low efficiency to use the product I think waste of money, It's good to gain experience ,",Printers,88
22585,5,nice quality,Printers,12
22586,5,Good performance for single use,Printers,31
22587,2,Waste product dont buy it i got the old one.. Flipkart must take this issue seriously 😠😠,Printers,88
22588,3,Good working,Printers,12
22589,1,Super and perfect must buy,Printers,26
22590,5,Poor quality printer low quality print plastic body not better Totaly lost of your money,Printers,88
22591,1,Everything is fine..but with in one day ink completed.we have taken 35 color and 40 black and white print,Printers,105
22592,2,Bad products & service Last quality,Printers,35
22593,1,Good,Printers,4
22594,1,Company is cheating the customers. Waste of money.,Printers,50
22595,1,Waste of money,Printers,14
22596,4,"Product works fine but ink ran out within 10 prints only. How can we trust brands lik canon to give such results. If anyone knows if i cn complain somewhere about this issue, please let me know",Printers,193
22597,1,"Cartridge (ink) price is very high i.e 700 per cartridge (ink) If u don't believe then contact to the offline shop..  companies who sell cheap printers are likely to sell more printers and get these customers and captive market for buying compatible cartridges. Even if a customer later regrets the price of ink cartridges, he is unlikely to buy a new printer just because the ink is so expensive.",Printers,397
22598,4,Waste just 30 or 40 black copies is completed ink bottle the copy is no clarity  Waste waste machine 1 cartridge only 20 or 30 copies flipkart 😔😔,Printers,145
22599,1,Very good for personal use.,Printers,27
22600,5,Item it defective and i cannot even return the defective product. So waste of money,Printers,83
22601,3,Good,Printers,4
22602,4,Bad,Printers,3
22603,5,Very good product,Printers,17
22604,4,Hard to find cartridge and ink was so costly,Printers,44
22605,5,"Great , happy with the product.",Printers,31
22606,1,Very good product for home use and for small offices.,Printers,53
22607,4,Gud for home use,Printers,16
22608,1,good product,Printers,12
22609,4,High Maintenance in ink,Printers,23
22610,4,Good !,Printers,6
22611,3,This is very Bad printer This printer no ink in cartage very very worst product Waste of money waste of time everything waste of this printer,Printers,141
22612,5,Happy customer ?,Printers,16
22613,3,Accurate printer all in one,Printers,27
22614,5,Hardly printed 8 pages color ink finished,Printers,41
22615,4,Good printer but cartridge very low consumption 10-30 pages only,Printers,64
22616,4,Good but cartidage is so I expensive,Printers,36
22617,3,"fantastic, go for it but takes couple of seconds for printing",Printers,61
22618,5,It is good for the small purpose.,Printers,33
22619,5,Nyc product,Printers,11
22620,4,Very very good,Printers,14
22621,1,I M Happy,Printers,9
22622,4,Good product,Printers,12
22623,5,OK super bur WiFi not,Printers,21
22624,4,mony wes..,Printers,10
22625,4,Delivery 4/5 Packaging 4/5 Product 4/5  Overall 4/5,Printers,51
22626,5,Very good product,Printers,17
22627,5,Good in this price,Printers,18
22628,4,osm product on this suitable prize,Printers,34
22629,5,Good product and fast delivery.,Printers,31
22630,5,Super save money and buy this printer,Printers,37
22631,3,"Very Good Product Quality is good , Good for Home, not for office  Cartridge's was little expensive,",Printers,100
22632,5,Using it since four months and best investment at the reasonable price . This is a much when u have kids at home. Happy for this purchase,Printers,137
22633,4,Very good printer but use cartige properly amazing printing...,Printers,62
22634,1,good,Printers,4
22635,5,Such a Awesome Products,Printers,23
22636,5,A good product,Printers,14
22637,1,Quality of the printet is very poor. It is defective in functioning.,Printers,68
22638,5,This is a great buy and it has excellent quality of printing,Printers,60
22639,4,Good,Printers,4
22640,4,Very poor product,Printers,17
22641,3,Very good 👌,Printers,11
22642,5,Very Good printer at affordable price....I got this printer today ....very Good printer but at first the page stuck at head alignment.....but the problem was solved after this....copy was also very good....for home use specially for students it is awesome....just go for it....but cartige is little bit costly!,Printers,310
22643,3,good product but ink cost is high,Printers,33
22644,4,Device is pretty good just colour injact is not comfortable..,Printers,61
22645,5,Good,Printers,4
22646,5,This is best product.,Printers,21
22647,5,Very nice,Printers,9
22648,5,Best,Printers,4
22649,5,Nyc product 👌,Printers,13
22650,4,Good product,Printers,12
22651,5,Good,Printers,4
22652,5,Printing quality is so good. Scanning & copy quality also extraordinary performance.I like it very much.,Printers,104
22653,4,Super product,Printers,13
22654,1,Nice working,Printers,12
22655,5,It a nice product,Printers,17
22656,4,Very good product,Printers,17
22657,1,Only 40copy capacity new catrige,Printers,32
22658,5,ok.super,Printers,8
22659,4,Super,Printers,5
22660,4,I totally disappointed,Printers,22
22661,1,good product,Printers,12
22662,5,Good Product,Printers,12
22663,5,Nice product all in one,Printers,23
22664,5,"Waste product, Don't buy",Printers,24
22665,5,Very good and good price,Printers,24
22666,5,Nice,Printers,4
22667,5,Nice printer easy to use and nice packaging,Printers,43
22668,1,Good,Printers,4
22669,5,Very good prodect,Printers,17
22670,1,To good,Printers,7
22671,4,Very bad,Printers,8
22672,5,"Very nice 👍👍 product, but only problem is that about cartridge s which is very costly.",Printers,86
22673,1,Box containg was damaged unsealed and in torn position. Items yet to be checkrf after installatiom,Printers,98
22674,4,Good quality,Printers,12
22675,1,Worth buying...,Printers,15
22676,5,Very very bed don't buy,Printers,23
22677,5,Very nice & best product,Printers,24
22678,4,My printer only 10 day s work next time break down!,Printers,51
22679,5,Very good printer,Printers,17
22680,2,Good one,Printers,8
22681,5,I'm very happy for that ...that I have received before expected date .,Printers,70
22682,5,Very good printer,Printers,17
22683,1,Waste low quality very very bad iam use only 2 days very bad product,Printers,68
22684,5,It's a very good pernter,Printers,24
22685,5,Very good product I love this product I recommend u to buy this product,Printers,71
22686,4,Very bad prblm,Printers,14
22687,4,Delivery as expected and conditions of the box was really good. There was no damage at all on the box. Excellent Flipkart team. Thank you very much.,Printers,148
22688,4,Great product in low budget.,Printers,28
22689,1,"The printer is very nice according to it's price works very fine and easy to use. Best for student's school and college, print, scan. But one issue is glossy paper doesn't work for A4 sheet. Overall nice printer.",Printers,212
22690,5,Good,Printers,4
22691,1,"Printer is good, but cartridges are very expensive and cost",Printers,59
22692,3,Very bad product,Printers,16
22693,5,Nice product..,Printers,14
22694,5,It is a very bad product. No body buy it.,Printers,41
22695,1,Ink is not good,Printers,15
22696,5,Product is good.BUT SERVICE OF FLIPKART IS VERY BAD,Printers,51
22697,5,Very good performance,Printers,21
22698,5,Bad quality not buy this product Ink toner very fast empty Only 20 color print,Printers,78
22699,5,Nice,Printers,4
22700,4,Thanks you flipkart... Very good printer for this price,Printers,55
22701,4,Ek dam first class......,Printers,24
22702,4,Very good product,Printers,17
22703,5,Good,Printers,4
22704,1,OK for to study the subject easily,Printers,34
22705,5,Good,Printers,4
22706,5,Superb,Printers,6
22707,4,Don't buy this . very slow priting and very costly,Printers,50
22708,4,Nice and supper fine product,Printers,28
22709,5,nice one,Printers,8
22710,5,Good printer in this price range,Printers,32
22711,5,Good,Printers,4
22712,1,Super,Printers,5
22713,4,Nice product must buy,Printers,21
22714,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
22715,5,Don't west your money,Printers,21
22716,4,Good,Printers,4
22717,5,Good,Printers,4
22718,3,Good product,Printers,12
22719,4,Genune Product. Not used yet. Ok for Home.,Printers,42
22720,1,"Value for money . Best product In this price range. Light weight , easy to carry one room to another . Fast and detailed printing . And also easy to use . . And nice for commercial use like photo printing , scan etc",Printers,215
22721,1,Nice,Printers,4
22722,1,The ink we got with the printer will last only for a short period of time may be we can used for printing less printouts.,Printers,121
22723,5,Please don't buy this product. 1 took only one print then it's stopped to work,Printers,78
22724,5,It is not good,Printers,14
22725,2,After using 1 year I am writing  Product seems to good but it make you to spend more money to purchase New cartridges  Believe me never think to purchase it  It's very less efficient for avg class people Cartridges cost you approximately 15-18 hundreds of rupees  Print quality is not good as laser printer  After refilling not expect to see good results  It's very very very bad product it's not allowed you to scan after ink of cartridges goes less,Printers,450
22726,2,Spr,Printers,3
22727,5,Very good quality and nice model Satisfied,Printers,42
22728,5,"Printer works fine, but i would recommned not to buy this as the cartridges are very expensive.",Printers,95
22729,5,Don't buy it. The reason is printer cartige is very costly. One cartige you will printer 20 or 25 pages only and the cost of Black Cartage is 775/-.,Printers,148
22730,5,Fast delivery... Printer is good quality made in Thailand,Printers,57
22731,4,Not bad,Printers,7
22732,4,Canon MG2570S is functioning well and one cartridge delivered only 15 copies pl. do something,Printers,93
22733,5,Best product,Printers,12
22734,3,Good print,Printers,10
22735,5,Good.,Printers,5
22736,1,Everything is good but ink cartridge is costly,Printers,46
22737,1,Not like.,Printers,9
22738,5,Funtastic product print mashin,Printers,30
22739,5,Photo quality is not bad. But the cartridge is very costly.,Printers,59
22740,4,Bilkul raddi product do not purchase,Printers,36
22741,5,Super product,Printers,13
22742,5,Thanks flipkart for the fast delivery and good quality sipping,Printers,62
22743,5,Good and handy product for home use only. Only if your printing required is less then go for it. Otherwise cartage cost is very costly.,Printers,135
22744,1,Nice working,Printers,12
22745,4,Yeah it's great and smooth.... Printed very clear i like it,Printers,59
22746,5,Good,Printers,4
22747,1,Bad product 😥😡😡😡,Printers,16
22748,5,Very nice,Printers,9
22749,5,Great,Printers,5
22750,1,Ghatiya product,Printers,15
22751,1,In this prise this printer is so nice,Printers,37
22752,1,Singul use cartege.money west,Printers,29
22753,2,Refill in rery worest 20 sheets only,Printers,36
22754,1,It can only print 20 pages,Printers,26
22755,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
22756,3,Print quality is good. But when cartridge lasted only for 20 -25 prints and colour 4-6 prints. Cartridge got finished.,Printers,118
22757,2,This product is not working,Printers,27
22758,2,Good product,Printers,12
22759,4,Good,Printers,4
22760,1,Very bad,Printers,8
22761,5,"This product we buy before 1 month only. lost 10 days from not working. Only 20 days good working. No good product. Don't buy this product, don't west your money.",Printers,162
22762,2,very good product,Printers,17
22763,4,Don't purchase,Printers,14
22764,4,Good,Printers,4
22765,3,Cost of printing is way too much,Printers,32
22766,5,Good,Printers,4
22767,1,Mast product,Printers,12
22768,3,Printing quality is awesome but the cost of printing is too much so if your printing work is not much then definitely you can go for this but if you have to print more then the cost of cartridge will definitely be high for you as it just prints approax 50 pages in a single cartridge so do consider this point before buying..,Printers,325
22769,4,Excellent Product,Printers,17
22770,1,Very very bad,Printers,13
22771,1,Expensive printing Print only 10 page then black ink finishex,Printers,61
22772,2,Good printer for home use.,Printers,26
22773,4,It's not working,Printers,16
22774,2,Very bed experience with this printer.,Printers,38
22775,5,Not satisfied,Printers,13
22776,1,Working well,Printers,12
22777,1,Very worst printer not working software complaint,Printers,49
22778,5,Good for single use,Printers,19
22779,1,Very worst product don't buy waste of money cartridge ink can't be refilled. You have to buy new cartridge when cartridge ink will end,Printers,134
22780,4,This product very very bad and cheap and cheating Product please who ones not purchase this product 😂😂😂,Printers,103
22781,1,Grate,Printers,5
22782,1,Not working,Printers,11
22783,5,Nice,Printers,4
22784,4,"Poor product and bad service,",Printers,29
22785,4,Print was not so nice,Printers,21
22786,5,Nice products 👌👌👍👍,Printers,18
22787,5,good and convenient,Printers,19
22788,5,Very good,Printers,9
22789,1,Every good product,Printers,18
22790,5,Good product but inkjets price is very high,Printers,43
22791,1,Good,Printers,4
22792,5,Not good totally worst. It's make problem and you can't get refunded,Printers,68
22793,5,Best printer in low budget,Printers,26
22794,2,Very poor with ink.... only one month I print with this canon printer.... I daily call him again n again they didn't even received my call.... customer care very very poor...,Printers,174
22795,4,"Good printer for rare home printer out usage, worth for money ( copy, scan, print)",Printers,82
22796,4,Good,Printers,4
22797,5,Facing issue while installing and connecting device with PC / Laptop / Smart Phone.,Printers,83
22798,5,Usefully product for student.,Printers,29
22799,3,"good and cheap also..must buy,prints are ok buy if u need it for a small timeeeeee",Printers,82
22800,5,Product recieved was having manufacturing defect out of the box.,Printers,64
22801,4,Good product,Printers,12
22802,3,High ink consumption with small cartridges! Doesn't even print 100 pages...very costly,Printers,86
22803,3,Awesome..... super.....worth ...good quality... highly recommended......,Printers,72
22804,5,Better but cartridges having low printinting paper efficiency and delivery late but good printer..for home and small office..,Printers,125
22805,1,"Printer is good but cartridge cost is very high, So print cost is very high.",Printers,76
22806,5,Overall good quality but cartridges are very expensive. My black ink is over in 15 days. Approximately 10-15 pages are printed,Printers,126
22807,5,Very good work in printer,Printers,25
22808,1,my printer is not working good. very bad.,Printers,41
22809,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22810,5,Excellent product with great sound. Microphone sound is also just awesome. Bluetooth connectivity is just lightening fast.,Printers,122
22811,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22812,4,very good quality product......,Printers,31
22813,3,Super good,Printers,10
22814,5,Superb......... actually the ink with this printer stands for a long time............ its been 7-8months i am using the same demo ink..... Thanks for the whole flipkart team..... hoping for ur all coperation and support.........,Printers,228
22815,5,Good product...but ink will over fastly,Printers,39
22816,1,Good,Printers,4
22817,1,Vary dafar printer,Printers,18
22818,3,Good product,Printers,12
22819,5,"Very bad product,",Printers,17
22820,4,"Don't buy this product, just give 15 prints and the link is empty.",Printers,66
22821,4,Good product,Printers,12
22822,5,VERY NICE PRODUCT I WAS VERY HAPPY AND HENCE IT IS ALSO VERY USEFUL.,Printers,68
22823,3,Nice,Printers,4
22824,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
22825,5,"Best choice for home purpose use Like passport pic printing Docs scanner , copying  Best product in this price",Printers,110
22826,5,Not print clearance,Printers,19
22827,1,Excellent,Printers,9
22828,1,The installation processing is avarage but the performance of the printer is very good...love this,Printers,98
22829,3,Nice,Printers,4
22830,1,Scaning praper not working... Speed vari vari slow Coler ok but block an wite not not praper working,Printers,100
22831,1,Don't buy this very cheap product,Printers,33
22832,5,"Very noisy, abnormal sound while printing. Within a week i am facing roller issue fault due to which no paper go inside for print. Lodge complain online but still waiting for the technician to come.",Printers,198
22833,1,High cost for ink catridges... more noise on pirinting time,Printers,59
22834,5,"I am unsatisfy, its not work",Printers,28
22835,4,Good product... value for money,Printers,31
22836,3,Canon problem,Printers,13
22837,1,Awesome,Printers,7
22838,1,Good product.. but the ink quality is very less.,Printers,48
22839,3,Printer for best,Printers,16
22840,1,waste product,Printers,13
22841,5,Worst quality . Don't buy this product,Printers,38
22842,1,damage,Printers,6
22843,5,Waste products,Printers,14
22844,5,Printer is very nice,Printers,20
22845,1,"This printer is delevered in wrong conditions, not in running conditions. I contacted to brand oprater, he came & said this is rubbish product & not in working conditions",Printers,170
22846,5,Super,Printers,5
22847,5,very useful specially during lockdown,Printers,37
22848,1,Very poor product,Printers,17
22849,1,Nice products,Printers,13
22850,2,Good,Printers,4
22851,1,Lawda printer h,Printers,15
22852,5,Very bad .wast money,Printers,20
22853,5,Ink cartridge very poor,Printers,23
22854,5,not at all good,Printers,15
22855,5,Excellent,Printers,9
22856,5,Nice printing quality in this price,Printers,35
22857,1,"On time Delivery !!! And product is Awesome, good printing speed and good quality print & its so easy to download.",Printers,114
22858,5,So good quality,Printers,15
22859,5,Good,Printers,4
22860,5,"Highly disappointed ,expectations were high of mine on Flipkart but I got defected peace exchange it lot of gap is there infront and also it's not working exchange it. it not properly fixed lot of gap is there",Printers,209
22861,3,Excellent product,Printers,17
22862,1,Excellent working,Printers,17
22863,1,Good,Printers,4
22864,1,Nice,Printers,4
22865,5,Not fit for me,Printers,14
22866,5,Product not working,Printers,19
22867,5,"Bad , 1 refill only 20 pages ,print cost Hi. So pls dot purshage any one.",Printers,73
22868,1,Good product,Printers,12
22869,5,VERY GOOD MUST BUY,Printers,18
22870,5,Very nice printer,Printers,17
22871,1,Bad product waste of money,Printers,26
22872,3,Good product nice,Printers,17
22873,2,Not usefull,Printers,11
22874,5,Very bad products and defects,Printers,29
22875,5,High Price. Good Performance,Printers,28
22876,1,This product is not success,Printers,27
22877,5,Nice,Printers,4
22878,5,Awesome product as well as printing quality is seperb. Love this product,Printers,72
22879,5,Bad products,Printers,12
22880,5,Good very fast printing,Printers,23
22881,1,Best printer,Printers,12
22882,5,Super,Printers,5
22883,5,Not right zero coppy,Printers,20
22884,3,Jhatu printer h very shame on flipkart😠😠😠😠,Printers,42
22885,4,Very nice product,Printers,17
22886,5,Good product,Printers,12
22887,5,Catridge is the problem ! After taking 50-60 copies cartridge finished...,Printers,73
22888,1,Nice product,Printers,12
22889,4,Nice print,Printers,10
22890,1,Good product but work very slow,Printers,31
22891,1,Printar not work,Printers,16
22892,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22893,4,Faulty Material Recieved,Printers,24
22894,5,Bad,Printers,3
22895,5,Good,Printers,4
22896,2,Cirdrize is not good but every thing is good👍,Printers,45
22897,5,Good product 👍,Printers,14
22898,1,Good product,Printers,12
22899,5,Money waste,Printers,11
22900,4,Nice one,Printers,8
22901,5,Pls do not buy.. Ink doesn't work after 15 days .. after 15 - 20 prints only it shows no ink available..,Printers,104
22902,1,Nice product,Printers,12
22903,5,Good product but cartridge gets empty very soon.,Printers,48
22904,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
22905,1,Waste,Printers,5
22906,4,Bed project,Printers,11
22907,5,Nice 👍 go Good,Printers,14
22908,4,Thanks,Printers,6
22909,1,I like it,Printers,9
22910,3,Superb product,Printers,14
22911,5,Nice,Printers,4
22912,1,Printer is not working what to do,Printers,33
22913,5,Very happy with product,Printers,23
22914,5,Best printer,Printers,12
22915,5,Very poor if there was a option of giving review of no star than that was my choice very bad,Printers,92
22916,5,Good printer,Printers,12
22917,5,Good,Printers,4
22918,2,Nice Printor,Printers,12
22919,1,"Nice printer in low budgets,printing very nice and easy to installation.",Printers,72
22920,5,Nice and good,Printers,13
22921,5,Print time.very slow,Printers,20
22922,5,West printer,Printers,12
22923,1,Best product but a little paper print xerox,Printers,43
22924,4,Good,Printers,4
22925,4,@3000 it's totally worth it... Packing and transportation of good was execellent . Electronic goods feels risky.. Flipkart passed that hurdle. Good job done,Printers,156
22926,4,black and white cartridge part is not working from the first day.and Flipkart has not given any reaponse on my complaint. disappointed.,Printers,135
22927,5,It does the job what is mentioned on the website. Will definitely recommend to buy it. Worth buying for this price. Thanks.,Printers,123
22928,5,Printer iS good but....it's cartages are very expensive ....so I suggest buy......tank printer,Printers,94
22929,1,Nice product,Printers,12
22930,1,Good product. 💯,Printers,15
22931,5,Good printer.... working perfectly....,Printers,38
22932,1,Don't purchase this worst product,Printers,33
22933,5,Very worst quality product,Printers,26
22934,1,Nice,Printers,4
22935,2,Poor waste of cost,Printers,18
22936,1,Good stuff Easy to use Good colour quality Super design Good colour That's all,Printers,78
22937,1,Bad product not working printer,Printers,31
22938,1,Very bad catae is not doing his work.,Printers,37
22939,5,Not working...,Printers,14
22940,1,You can only print 10 page choice is your,Printers,41
22941,1,Very bad product it's 2costly Printing resolution is very bad Don't purscase any one it's waste of money and time,Printers,113
22942,5,its been 4 years m using this printer. it works really good thanks flipkart.,Printers,76
22943,4,Worst prodcut.,Printers,14
22944,1,Very bad,Printers,8
22945,5,Great product. Must buy,Printers,23
22946,3,Good,Printers,4
22947,5,Very bad quality and bad experience on getting the order delivered,Printers,66
22948,4,Awesome one worth for money thank you flipcart,Printers,46
22949,1,Good,Printers,4
22950,1,valuable,Printers,8
22951,5,Best of market,Printers,14
22952,1,Bad Experience,Printers,14
22953,3,Recived broken,Printers,14
22954,4,Nice,Printers,4
22955,5,Rost product,Printers,12
22956,5,Nthng is in low price... Don't go with the low price bcz the priner price is 3k but the cartrage price is 900/- so the cost is too much high and its only print 100 pages and the cartrage need to be change..,Printers,206
22957,4,Good,Printers,4
22958,5,Amazing printer. Really happy with the product. And also extremely fast delivery. I'm attaching two pictures here: 1. The printer. 2. A test print.,Printers,147
22959,4,Good product low price,Printers,22
22960,1,Good value for money,Printers,20
22961,4,Good printer,Printers,12
22962,5,Overall good but black ink is very light,Printers,40
22963,5,Don't waste money bas 2-3 month hi chalta ha,Printers,44
22964,1,Nice printer but It's cartridge is more expensive.,Printers,50
22965,5,It is good,Printers,10
22966,1,Osm Quality Very good Product In This Price,Printers,43
22967,1,Cottage is vary poor condition,Printers,30
22968,5,It is very good,Printers,15
22969,2,After 3 Months The Printer is print very very bad level. I Wish to Say Anyone can't Buy it Forever,Printers,98
22970,4,Bakabas money west,Printers,18
22971,5,"It is the best printer in low budget, No any complaint for it",Printers,61
22972,5,Very expensive as it will give you only 30-40 pages. You can't refill the ink and if you go to buy new ink you have to pay the same price cost as printer price . Disappointed by the printing capacity.it says will give you 80 pages but after 40 pages only it started indicating that your ink is empty.,Printers,300
22973,5,Good product but it's ink cartridge cost is high,Printers,48
22974,5,Very nice,Printers,9
22975,5,Good,Printers,4
22976,4,God,Printers,3
22977,1,Good product bt inka price is high.,Printers,35
22978,5,It is very nice product,Printers,23
22979,1,Excellent product,Printers,17
22980,5,Very cheep quality printer Third class printer,Printers,46
22981,4,The best for home work,Printers,22
22982,1,Bought a new canon printer but not working well it's full of complaints,Printers,71
22983,5,I am happy,Printers,10
22984,5,It's good.,Printers,10
22985,5,Vary bad products Total money west,Printers,34
22986,3,Good product,Printers,12
22987,5,Nice,Printers,4
22988,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22989,5,Nice product,Printers,12
22990,4,Amazing product. Super printing quality,Printers,39
22991,5,Good printer,Printers,12
22992,3,Super,Printers,5
22993,5,Nice,Printers,4
22994,5,Great product,Printers,13
22995,5,It's ok...,Printers,10
22996,1,Super 👌 super nice working,Printers,26
22997,4,Best products and it's helpful,Printers,30
22998,3,very good product,Printers,17
22999,5,Do not buy this product it is not working and error is coming,Printers,61
23000,5,It's a good and its ink cartridge runs uptown 1/2 mouth,Printers,55
23001,1,"It works nice.. but slowly .it is ok ok , like it😉😉",Printers,51
23002,5,"Very good product, value for money",Printers,34
23003,1,Just ok,Printers,7
23004,5,Worst,Printers,5
23005,3,Super super,Printers,11
23006,5,Worst products and worst behaviour of flipkart if we are buying a product from flipkart so it had return it also,Printers,112
23007,5,Very nice,Printers,9
23008,4,Good,Printers,4
23009,5,Very nice product,Printers,17
23010,1,Superb,Printers,6
23011,4,Good for home use,Printers,17
23012,1,"Product is good,and easy to use",Printers,31
23013,3,The delivery boy advice me to don't buy such product from online,Printers,64
23014,1,Good working super,Printers,18
23015,1,Waste of money,Printers,14
23016,1,Not bad,Printers,7
23017,4,Poor quality of page print. Pages struck inside printer. Only 50 pages from 1 cartridge. Damage product received,Printers,112
23018,1,very poor product believe me don't waste ur money,Printers,49
23019,4,Not working properly,Printers,20
23020,5,Ink cartridge end after 20 copies only.,Printers,39
23021,1,Not working xerox west images golaty poor,Printers,41
23022,5,Value for money,Printers,15
23023,4,Ink refills very bad fastly completed,Printers,37
23024,3,Faltu products.... Ink so poor quality.... Ink finish very soon.... I use only 2month ryt now it's not working,Printers,110
23025,5,Nice product.,Printers,13
23026,5,Good...!,Printers,8
23027,1,Time waste,Printers,10
23028,4,Good machine,Printers,12
23029,1,very good products,Printers,18
23030,5,Recived Defective 💔,Printers,19
23031,5,It's budget printer... And very nice to work,Printers,44
23032,5,Defects product,Printers,15
23033,5,very nise printer best price excellent thankyou flipkart,Printers,56
23034,1,Product is very nice nd color print photo paper experience very good and I'll advised to you for buy canon Pixma mg2570 multifunction color printer,Printers,147
23035,1,Printer good but packing not good,Printers,33
23036,1,Superb... Best for personal use.,Printers,32
23037,2,Broken peace don't buy it after purchasing the products will not return it,Printers,74
23038,4,Cartridge gets over for less than 50 prints...if I have to refill the per print cost goes up by 7-9 rupees. The printer is cheap why because the make money from our pockets while buying cartridge refills. Not at all satisfied.,Printers,226
23039,1,Very very bad product,Printers,21
23040,4,Don't buy don't waste amont,Printers,27
23041,1,Good,Printers,4
23042,1,Reacive dammage item,Printers,20
23043,2,Nyc printer,Printers,11
23044,5,Don't buy any one,Printers,17
23045,5,Received a faulty product more over not getting replacement when it's told 7 days replacement policy Pls don't buy from them .,Printers,126
23046,1,Warning lights and power to light,Printers,33
23047,5,Awesome product in this price..,Printers,31
23048,1,Good,Printers,4
23049,3,So slow,Printers,7
23050,5,Best printer in this price,Printers,26
23051,1,West of money...,Printers,16
23052,3,Good product,Printers,12
23053,1,Nice Product,Printers,12
23054,5,Worst printer .... After one month it's stopped working... In that time return date also cmptd.... There is no repair option also in surrounding places ....it's better to buy in offline.... My suggestion is Don't buy it,Printers,219
23055,5,Not bad but heaviness is not satisfied 🙁🙁🙁🙁,Printers,43
23056,1,Very bad product,Printers,16
23057,5,Received today ..printer is working fine. Ill update the review after using it for couple of months.,Printers,100
23058,3,Good,Printers,4
23059,2,Worst,Printers,5
23060,1,Its really super. Worth for money 😇,Printers,35
23061,5,Good,Printers,4
23062,5,I have received defaulted piece as printer is not work,Printers,54
23063,1,Not good it's not working printer money west printer 👿👿👿,Printers,56
23064,1,Worst quality,Printers,13
23065,5,Good product,Printers,12
23066,5,Worst product I never see Iike that,Printers,35
23067,5,Waste print quality it's better to buy hp printer,Printers,49
23068,1,low prise best perfom,Printers,21
23069,5,Value for money,Printers,15
23070,5,Product is good. As of know using this for scanning only... I will update after checking printer as well,Printers,104
23071,1,Such a worst product I have never seen this type of printer..  With new printer I didn't get even 10 prints with in a month cartridges are showing error .  Don't buy this and don't waste your money....  Not at all worthable for this price.  Friends and my dear colleagues be care full with this product.,Printers,303
23072,5,"The Best *all in one* printer, at this price, Best for occasionally, home purpose, Super printing quality......",Printers,111
23073,4,Good product low price,Printers,22
23074,1,Totally money weast.....,Printers,24
23075,3,Nice product,Printers,12
23076,3,Awesome,Printers,7
23077,2,Product Not working properly color print bad experience,Printers,55
23078,3,Good,Printers,4
23079,5,Print quality is great but ink delivery is way too faster. With average of daily 3-4 prints my blak ink cartridge is got empty within 10 days. Not recommended for daily users.,Printers,175
23080,3,This is not a good printer He is consuming so much ink One time install ink only print 20 pages . So expensive,Printers,110
23081,5,It was so useful to me thank you filpkart,Printers,41
23082,5,Great quality printing.... colour reproduction of images are just fab...nice printer in very nice nice price,Printers,108
23083,5,Good for this price range,Printers,25
23084,4,Just go for it.,Printers,15
23085,4,Very best budget printer can do black and colour printing and also it can do photocopy we can also print through pc and mobile,Printers,126
23086,4,I need 6 number loafer shoe which i was returned please add it fast,Printers,67
23087,5,Nice,Printers,4
23088,1,"Good for home use. B&W prints , scanner and copy are working fine. This is good option in this budget.",Printers,102
23089,4,Super product,Printers,13
23090,5,"Nice for working with Android mobile, just to download printing apps and start print, but not compatible with ubuntu based computers and laptops",Printers,144
23091,1,This printer complent,Printers,21
23092,5,Good product,Printers,12
23093,1,Good,Printers,4
23094,5,Plz don't purchase this product totally waste,Printers,45
23095,3,Good performance,Printers,16
23096,4,Very very bad,Printers,13
23097,5,Good,Printers,4
23098,5,Not more effective working slowly not for regular use,Printers,53
23099,4,Good product,Printers,12
23100,4,Thanks to Flipkart team Avery responsible and quality product delivery to customer with base price.....,Printers,103
23101,5,Good,Printers,4
23102,5,Nice product...,Printers,15
23103,3,The printer is very good and the quality of printing is excellent,Printers,65
23104,5,very good,Printers,9
23105,5,"Good product, thanks to flipkart",Printers,32
23106,3,Very bad,Printers,8
23107,4,Amazing but cartridges problem.,Printers,31
23108,1,It is a good printer.,Printers,21
23109,4,It's good but maintenance cost is little bit extra,Printers,50
23110,5,Great product but no packaging in delivery very disappointed,Printers,60
23111,1,Not working god.. Useless products,Printers,34
23112,3,Excellent quality product,Printers,25
23113,1,Nice product,Printers,12
23114,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
23115,5,Bad printer,Printers,11
23116,4,No like,Printers,7
23117,5,Good in budget printer,Printers,22
23118,1,very nice printer,Printers,17
23119,5,nice,Printers,4
23120,3,Good quality,Printers,12
23121,5,I received this product on 1st of august.box open and start the printer then product has not working.,Printers,101
23122,1,It's printed quality was awesome,Printers,32
23123,5,"Not bad but, ink drink more",Printers,27
23124,1,Very good print quality,Printers,23
23125,4,Very bad product don't buy this product,Printers,39
23126,5,Value of money fantastic product on this range but 1problem on this printer this printer ink was a worst ink .,Printers,110
23127,1,Bad product west of the maney,Printers,29
23128,5,Nice good Quality,Printers,17
23129,5,Nice product even the scanning is very good.,Printers,44
23130,5,Goods is not working is a damaged product internal fault product please guys not purchase the goods,Printers,99
23131,5,Best in this price,Printers,18
23132,4,Good product 👍,Printers,14
23133,5,Nice product,Printers,12
23134,1,Nice 👍,Printers,6
23135,5,Usb supported to samsung mobile only,Printers,36
23136,3,Timely delivered.Thanks,Printers,23
23137,1,Worst printer.... Only 20 pages came printout and over the ink.,Printers,63
23138,5,Nice,Printers,4
23139,2,"I just bought just before one week,so far so good",Printers,49
23140,5,No 1 waste product,Printers,18
23141,5,Cool,Printers,4
23142,1,very bad,Printers,8
23143,1,Good response,Printers,13
23144,4,Quality of printer is very good but the cartridges of this printer is very costly. Canon has to be think about it.,Printers,114
23145,4,Fel printar I canon,Printers,19
23146,5,Not a working,Printers,13
23147,2,I ordered MG2570..... BUT cover is MG2570 & the printer is MG2500,Printers,65
23148,5,only ink problems,Printers,17
23149,1,Nice printer,Printers,12
23150,2,Ink gets finish after 15 printouts. Poor filling of catridges from the company,Printers,78
23151,5,Very nice Printer,Printers,17
23152,1,Worst product please don't purchase.,Printers,36
23153,4,"We are purchase last of july and few day running ok max to max 20 pages print. After that we print again still now page blank, print not clear worst products. I will lost my money. Not able to booked problem call in customer service. It's very harmful service. We purchase from flipkart it's totally lost. Lockdown situation is this reason not return product because product is available in my work premises.",Printers,408
23154,1,Good,Printers,4
23155,5,Defective piece,Printers,15
23156,4,Nice product,Printers,12
23157,4,one of the most disappointing printer. changed 2 printers because of some systematic issue in the printer after opening the sealed box and the third piece which i received also had problems after 3 days of use only 4 prints done,Printers,228
23158,4,Very Good,Printers,9
23159,1,Super,Printers,5
23160,1,It is good,Printers,10
23161,5,Excellent 👍👍👍👍,Printers,14
23162,3,"now it is under complaint. When i was print option given, then some sound is produced.",Printers,86
23163,4,This productvis not fullfiling my needs,Printers,39
23164,5,Awesome,Printers,7
23165,5,Ok,Printers,2
23166,1,Nice printer. Printing quality and scanning is awesome. It is very useful for home purpose. But black and colour ink cartridge cost is bit high..Nice printer from CANON.,Printers,169
23167,1,Fast service good,Printers,17
23168,3,very good 👍,Printers,11
23169,5,Not working,Printers,11
23170,1,Printer falted forgot,Printers,21
23171,1,Great Product.,Printers,14
23172,2,GOOD IMAGE QUALITY. TIME TO TIME PRINT OUT. LOOK SOO GOOD.,Printers,58
23173,5,No response if any problems arise in product,Printers,44
23174,3,I would say EXCELLENT if the refilling process of ink would have been different,Printers,79
23175,4,Not bad,Printers,7
23176,5,Really awesome,Printers,14
23177,2,Bad performance,Printers,15
23178,3,Nice product,Printers,12
23179,4,NYC product,Printers,11
23180,1,wast for money,Printers,14
23181,1,Not bad,Printers,7
23182,1,Nice product,Printers,12
23183,5,This is only for photocopy... Other function not work.. Not connected with mobile data cable. NO any customer care sport.. This is Chinese product.. Pls don't buy this....,Printers,171
23184,5,Printer not working,Printers,19
23185,5,Very bad catrige are only 10 page's printed not fulfilled,Printers,57
23186,2,Printer is realy nice and printing quality is also nice its easy to refil .,Printers,75
23187,2,Good product. Thanks to flipkart,Printers,32
23188,1,Gud,Printers,3
23189,1,Not bad,Printers,7
23190,1,Fully rushed product,Printers,20
23191,5,Got damaged product and damaged box also,Printers,40
23192,2,We can't print atleast 25 prints in one cartage,Printers,47
23193,1,Not working properly,Printers,20
23194,2,Super Valuable Pakka konali,Printers,27
23195,1,It is not up to the mark,Printers,24
23196,1,Waste of money plz don't buy,Printers,28
23197,1,"It is worth less product because once ink cartridge supplies is over we have to change the ink cartridges which cost is so high This printer maintenance is high Use is less ,never buy it I am struggling with it",Printers,210
23198,5,Worst product.,Printers,14
23199,4,It's a bad products,Printers,19
23200,4,This printer is not good,Printers,24
23201,5,Owesome product,Printers,15
23202,1,So nice,Printers,7
23203,5,Cheap and good,Printers,14
23204,1,"Printer excellent, but Package very bad...",Printers,42
23205,1,Ghatiya product,Printers,15
23206,3,It was amazing product Worty of cost,Printers,36
23207,1,Cortiage not working.,Printers,21
23208,5,It drinks too much ink and the cost of carriage is more then the printer,Printers,72
23209,5,Very Bad For Cartige Consumption,Printers,32
23210,5,I received damaged product and also it wasn't getting on don't know why but after all this happened with me i am not gonna buy any of the canon product.,Printers,152
23211,4,Nice product,Printers,12
23212,1,As expected,Printers,11
23213,1,Its not good as well and not work properly,Printers,42
23214,4,It's good but cartridge is small it is very less,Printers,48
23215,1,Nice product at this cost,Printers,25
23216,3,This is very useless product.,Printers,29
23217,5,Very good quality product. Suggested printer. Good clarity in print outs. Very usful all in one printer.,Printers,104
23218,4,Cheated product,Printers,15
23219,5,Through mobile cannon app printer not working. Cannon app only there for Bluetooth and WiFi. USB not support,Printers,108
23220,1,Nice product,Printers,12
23221,1,Nice,Printers,4
23222,5,great product and great delivery by seller,Printers,42
23223,1,"It is not working . yellow light blenking in between power button ink indicators,worst product in I have in flikcart till now",Printers,125
23224,1,Not good,Printers,8
23225,1,Very good product,Printers,17
23226,4,Note usefull very bad,Printers,21
23227,5,Damaged printer,Printers,15
23228,4,This ink not life .low ink Maximum 50 pepper print and copy. And over sound. Slow working.catredge complaint .very bad,Printers,118
23229,2,Good budget printer,Printers,19
23230,5,Super and super,Printers,15
23231,1,Very good,Printers,9
23232,5,Waste products,Printers,14
23233,5,Super,Printers,5
23234,2,this printer is not functioning .worst product don`t buy this.,Printers,62
23235,5,It is a good printer for house but itstill ink cartridges is finished to early,Printers,78
23236,4,Super,Printers,5
23237,2,Worst product,Printers,13
23238,5,Good,Printers,4
23239,1,Good product,Printers,12
23240,2,Very poor product..... Only 30 page print a cartage... Price id too high,Printers,72
23241,5,Less ink capacity but easy to operate,Printers,37
23242,5,Very bad printer connectivity issue not connected without print share aap primium its cost 365 rs extra than connect only one phone so bad..... Not purchase any one this kind of printers,Printers,186
23243,5,After 20 A4 paper printing.. Ink level finish both black and colour.. .. Don't Buy anyone very low quality printer.. ......🛑🛑🛑🛑🛑🗳🗑🚮,Printers,131
23244,5,Worth it,Printers,8
23245,1,Excellent performance 👍👏👌,Printers,25
23246,5,Good product at much affordable rate.....,Printers,41
23247,3,Writing after using one week. Totally good... Scanner-10/10 Colour printing-10/10 Black and white print-10/10 Awesome product in this range... Reall happy 😊,Printers,156
23248,1,it stopped working within a month.,Printers,34
23249,5,Super product,Printers,13
23250,1,Wonderful,Printers,9
23251,5,Very bad,Printers,8
23252,1,"This product is really good but I am facing problem in coloured print it's showing white lines in between the photo and beside this all is fine. But with time using maintenance options,they had disappeared.",Printers,206
23253,5,Product received was in good condition.  con:  .just prints 18 pages and the cartridge is exhausted .. Where as the cartridge is not that affordable ..,Printers,151
23254,5,Fabulous... product but use ink in large amout,Printers,46
23255,5,Canon has a good name in market but y do they spoil there name by doing all this cheap tricks ..,Printers,96
23256,1,Good printer.. Quality 1 tera varenty good,Printers,42
23257,1,Good product,Printers,12
23258,4,Best product..,Printers,14
23259,4,Very bad printer,Printers,16
23260,5,Waste printer,Printers,13
23261,5,this is very nice printer and fast print.,Printers,41
23262,1,Ok..,Printers,4
23263,2,To good,Printers,7
23264,5,A very very good quality product at unbelievable prices,Printers,55
23265,1,It's bad printing.... Line apply printting,Printers,42
23266,1,Cadrege very verybad full leaked,Printers,32
23267,1,NICE DEVREY CORER SARVIS BOY,Printers,28
23268,5,Very bad product due printing cost high,Printers,39
23269,1,👎Worst product,Printers,14
23270,1,Plz don't buy this product . It's old version and also very poor Costmer service,Printers,80
23271,5,Gd product 👍👌👌,Printers,14
23272,1,This cartage is damage,Printers,22
23273,5,Not satisfied,Printers,13
23274,4,Nice and good product,Printers,21
23275,5,Low efficient. Not clearly printing,Printers,35
23276,1,Super,Printers,5
23277,5,V good printer. It gives colour print also N u can connect with your android mobile (otg support).,Printers,98
23278,5,not good,Printers,8
23279,5,Cartridges problem filling problem,Printers,34
23280,1,Super product,Printers,13
23281,5,Good product,Printers,12
23282,1,Bed quality,Printers,11
23283,2,Don't buy this product very bad printer & costly also,Printers,53
23284,1,"Worst product, very bad experience, we can print only 50 pages from 1000 rs price bottle,",Printers,89
23285,5,Cartridge are too much costly,Printers,29
23286,5,Not work,Printers,8
23287,5,waste,Printers,5
23288,5,Good,Printers,4
23289,1,Good working this is the best printer value of price and fast delivery THANKS FLIPKART,Printers,86
23290,5,this is amazing printer,Printers,23
23291,1,Gd to purchase,Printers,14
23292,1,Very bad,Printers,8
23293,5,Good print and scanned,Printers,22
23294,4,This is totally waste product very expensive not to go for buy this printer,Printers,75
23295,1,very very bad product and company are great cheater,Printers,51
23296,3,Quality is very good,Printers,20
23297,1,Very good,Printers,9
23298,1,Very bad product,Printers,16
23299,2,Cartige is empty.. Colour print only 30 copy printed. This is too much disgusting. Black ink 150 copy. The cartige price is so much higher. But output is nil..,Printers,159
23300,5,Extremely useless printer It shows the cartridge problem too. It's printing cost per page 9rs according to me .waste printer I am too much disappointed,Printers,151
23301,4,Use less item,Printers,13
23302,1,Bad product waste of money,Printers,26
23303,3,Very nice,Printers,9
23304,5,Low cost but good work,Printers,22
23305,1,Very bad,Printers,8
23306,5,"Not recommended for regular use,and build quality is also not good .",Printers,68
23307,5,Good,Printers,4
23308,5,Cartage over in 1 week with 20 papers,Printers,37
23309,4,Good,Printers,4
23310,5,Good,Printers,4
23311,5,Such a good quality printer ..,Printers,30
23312,1,High expensive cartridge so no again to purchase,Printers,48
23313,2,Nice printer... best for domestic purposes,Printers,42
23314,4,Best build go ahead best for home use,Printers,37
23315,5,Buy this if you want to get trapped into buying cartridges after every 30-40 prints. Rubbish deal.,Printers,98
23316,1,Printer was nice but couldn't connect through phone using wireless,Printers,66
23317,5,Nice and useful product below Rs500,Printers,35
23318,2,Good quality,Printers,12
23319,3,Print not work,Printers,14
23320,4,Nice product. Colour and black and white prints come smoothly and it's simply superb...,Printers,87
23321,5,Not working properly,Printers,20
23322,2,Good Quality Printing Free cartridge offered will only print 20 pages Comparatively costly prints Good for low users 5 Star to flipkart,Printers,135
23323,5,Good product,Printers,12
23324,4,Good product,Printers,12
23325,4,"Waste product first the print will be so late and second the cartridge won't even come 50 copies, if you refill cartridge it will cost 300/-Rs and it won't even come for 50 copies so refilling has to be done once in a week then with in two and a half months u have spent nearly the price of the printer that is 3000/- Rs so this is a waste product ....so kindly don't purchase this printer.....",Printers,394
23326,5,good,Printers,4
23327,4,Nice,Printers,4
23328,1,Good printer for this price,Printers,27
23329,5,Nice,Printers,4
23330,4,Printer is good but it's maintenance or ink cartridge is very costly That's I suggest you before purchasing first think then purchase,Printers,133
23331,5,In new cartridge 20 print was done Cartridge is costly 1 print = 4 rs Dont buy,Printers,78
23332,1,Aamzing product nice working thanks filpkart,Printers,44
23333,4,Good.....,Printers,9
23334,1,Supper,Printers,6
23335,4,Not good product . I am not satisfied,Printers,37
23336,4,Good product,Printers,12
23337,5,My scholarship amount ..buy this products Canon multifunction printer don't buy this product.... didn't collect single print.... catrdige also not fully....2nd time replacement printer worst product.......my money totally waste. This printer.. after lockdown collected product.... refund apply cancelled request....in the filpcard team so happy ..... cancel product      Lo,Printers,373
23338,3,Good,Printers,4
23339,5,Value for Money..Good Quality but Printing is not Good,Printers,54
23340,4,Good product,Printers,12
23341,2,it is a good printer bt its printing per page cost is very high,Printers,63
23342,1,Working fine good for home use,Printers,30
23343,5,"Nice printer go for it if you want affordable printer in low budget, little bit of doubt in cartilage, don't know much it will last because it's too costly",Printers,155
23344,5,Not good,Printers,8
23345,2,Very bad for cartridge .it's cartridge very expensive .it is not refillable .,Printers,77
23346,1,"Good printer..works well,compact and lightweight.",Printers,49
23347,5,Fast delivery ammezing product,Printers,30
23348,1,Very bad,Printers,8
23349,1,3rd class printer... It's already gone after 1 rim of printouts. Printer Roller gone.. Unable to take printouts. The product is worst.,Printers,134
23350,1,Not west money ....Nice product,Printers,31
23351,1,I have got the defective one,Printers,28
23352,5,"Do not buy. Only 20 Printout by cartridges provided in printer. Canon customer care said practically only 15 to 20 Printout by each cartridge. In theory, 100 Printout per cartridge as mentioned in product description. Waste of money. Go for ink bottle printers",Printers,260
23353,5,Don't buy guy's,Printers,15
23354,5,Very Bad,Printers,8
23355,5,Very good pinter,Printers,16
23356,5,Awesome Product,Printers,15
23357,1,Good,Printers,4
23358,5,Good product,Printers,12
23359,4,Very good,Printers,9
23360,5,Very poor quality product,Printers,25
23361,4,Good,Printers,4
23362,1,Nice price but not wireless,Printers,27
23363,5,It is beter,Printers,11
23364,5,quality is as expected. easy to use. got both catridges. connectivity to android is not explained properly. i am unable to connect the printer to wifi.,Printers,151
23365,4,Very bad printer. Noone can't bought this product,Printers,49
23366,5,Very nice,Printers,9
23367,5,Budget friendly printer 👌👌👌,Printers,27
23368,5,Good,Printers,4
23369,4,VERY GOOD BUT COSTLY.,Printers,21
23370,5,Nice,Printers,4
23371,5,Good quality printer,Printers,20
23372,1,Good ...,Printers,8
23373,5,"Very good product. 3 in one printer. It can be use for Xerox, scan, and colour print. Nice printer.",Printers,99
23374,5,Homely uses only,Printers,16
23375,5,Very bad,Printers,8
23376,4,Nice price and good working,Printers,27
23377,5,Super,Printers,5
23378,5,Superb,Printers,6
23379,4,nice,Printers,4
23380,5,It is working great as of now. Good quality.,Printers,44
23381,3,......nice.....,Printers,15
23382,5,Product is good color print good but black ink print is poor so better for home 50 prints per cartridge,Printers,103
23383,4,Nice product i love it,Printers,22
23384,1,Printer is good but the main problem is that the ink drains out very fast.. it hardly prints 30 pages and then their are no chances for more pages,Printers,146
23385,5,Nce,Printers,3
23386,3,Nice,Printers,4
23387,5,"Don't buy online , cartridge bad quality",Printers,40
23388,5,Is a batter print,Printers,17
23389,1,Cartridges are too costly,Printers,25
23390,5,Nice Printing,Printers,13
23391,5,good,Printers,4
23392,1,"Cartiledge is too costly , so it is better to buy a printer with tank",Printers,69
23393,2,Nice,Printers,4
23394,2,Nice product.... Good working.....,Printers,34
23395,5,Bad,Printers,3
23396,5,packing not good,Printers,16
23397,1,I am return my products damage item,Printers,35
23398,3,Good,Printers,4
23399,1,Very nice,Printers,9
23400,1,Still not working..... I am in pathanamthitta kerala.. Any service centers n pathanamthitta,Printers,91
23401,5,just okay,Printers,9
23402,5,Very poor product ☹️ don't buy it,Printers,33
23403,1,Not but my friend say that isn't ok,Printers,35
23404,1,Good,Printers,4
23405,5,Good product...I am happy with the product,Printers,42
23406,2,Very loda product this is,Printers,25
23407,5,Black colour is over only 10papers,Printers,34
23408,5,Excellent Printing and Scanning. Value for Money Product. Prompt Delivery of goods.,Printers,83
23409,5,Ink quantity is low otherwise super quality,Printers,43
23410,1,Good,Printers,4
23411,3,Not bad,Printers,7
23412,2,Waist money,Printers,11
23413,1,"Consumes too much of ink, we have a hardly printed about 10-15 pages and ink is running low.",Printers,92
23414,5,There is very little ink And ends early Only 40 page can print in 1 time on per ink box,Printers,87
23415,4,Very bad catridge did not get even 30 prints,Printers,44
23416,1,Not good,Printers,8
23417,5,Awesome.... thankyou flipkart for the fast delivery ❤,Printers,53
23418,5,Good product works well,Printers,23
23419,1,Working is slow,Printers,15
23420,5,Excellent,Printers,9
23421,3,Awesome item.,Printers,13
23422,5,Worst quality,Printers,13
23423,4,Perfect machine,Printers,15
23424,5,Good printer for this price range 😍😍,Printers,36
23425,5,Good,Printers,4
23426,5,Good product in this price range. Only one drawback that it is creating so much sound while printing.,Printers,101
23427,5,Very good print quality,Printers,23
23428,5,Amazing performance,Printers,19
23429,5,iam very satisfied this product is very good,Printers,44
23430,4,Superbb,Printers,7
23431,1,Good,Printers,4
23432,2,Fabulous 😋✨   Loved it..,Printers,24
23433,4,It's good however consume lots of ink!!,Printers,39
23434,4,Cheap product 😠,Printers,15
23435,5,Ink device is very bad and ink price is very higher side.,Printers,57
23436,5,Good for small uses.,Printers,20
23437,2,Good product but colour is very costly,Printers,38
23438,3,very gud for home not for office work,Printers,37
23439,1,Experience nice good product,Printers,28
23440,2,Super product,Printers,13
23441,3,It's okay,Printers,9
23442,1,waste printer never take this printer,Printers,37
23443,5,Black Link light,Printers,16
23444,5,Quality to be improved.,Printers,23
23445,4,Waste machine,Printers,13
23446,5,I purchased this product to print my kid's worksheet and project work related stuff.  Is print quality is good. Prints well.  I have printed approximately 200 pages. Includes colour and black. No indication of cartridge replacement.  Installation was quite easy.,Printers,262
23447,3,Very good,Printers,9
23448,5,Very good,Printers,9
23449,1,superb quality printer works damn perfectly,Printers,43
23450,1,Good printer print small page,Printers,29
23451,4,"This printer is not good. Its very hectic for me, no xerox working, no scan working and printer installation also having errors",Printers,127
23452,5,black and colour lights are not working,Printers,39
23453,4,Waist of my money.... Printer ink not available...,Printers,50
23454,5,Nice product,Printers,12
23455,4,Good,Printers,4
23456,1,Super,Printers,5
23457,1,Got delivered very soon and satisfied with the product and delivery. Neatly packed and happy. Thanks Flipkart,Printers,109
23458,5,Product is good but efficiency is less than expected. Paper output is less. This needs to be improved.,Printers,102
23459,5,after using 1month I am going to edit my comment Printer is working not good but print only 15 black Print 10 colour print. Please I suggest don't buy this Printer any one.,Printers,172
23460,5,Printer was good but 25 prints per cartridge. Waste of money,Printers,60
23461,1,Nice product,Printers,12
23462,1,Good machine in this prize,Printers,26
23463,4,WoW printing at this price point👍,Printers,33
23464,1,This is very bad printer work till 20 days only,Printers,47
23465,3,Not even 1 star it's very bad ..plz don't order electronic items online,Printers,71
23466,4,Ok for home use,Printers,15
23467,5,It was a damaged Product.. And requires regular printing outherwise the cartridge will dry up... and for buying a new cartridge it costs around 1500 per piece.. The number of prints is also less.. but the quality of the print is very good,Printers,238
23468,5,Ok,Printers,2
23469,1,"Printing slow but all good, According to price 2999 it's good worth it",Printers,70
23470,5,Ultimate value for money... Thanks Canon,Printers,40
23471,1,Nice product and rifell type catrage Amazing 👌,Printers,46
23472,5,Very bad product ... flipkart cheat me,Printers,38
23473,5,Very very nice product...,Printers,25
23474,1,Don't buy this is bad product,Printers,29
23475,1,"Nice printer, good delivery",Printers,27
23476,2,Good one,Printers,8
23477,1,It's price is low that's true but it's cartridge is very expensive it needs lot of ink ....don't buy it,Printers,103
23478,4,Very bad product,Printers,16
23479,1,"We want single page paper when print, but it's coming three or four pages Very cost 2999 other websites very less price 2500 :(",Printers,127
23480,5,VERY LOW QUALITY PRODUCT DO NOT PURCHASE IT.,Printers,44
23481,5,Useful,Printers,6
23482,1,You buy it for only Scan otherwise you will be in loss..Don't buy it for xerox or printing purposes..... Bad products only 25-30 page will xerox per cartiage no ink tank don't buy it,Printers,182
23483,1,Wowww Very good printer.,Printers,24
23484,4,Nice prouduct,Printers,13
23485,1,It's not working properly..... Printing is missing some lines .. very poor I'm going to return,Printers,94
23486,1,"Very bad, cartage not good only 60-70 copy print and cartage empty.",Printers,67
23487,1,NICE GOOD PRODUCT,Printers,17
23488,1,Not good,Printers,8
23489,3,Bed products,Printers,12
23490,5,Very nice app,Printers,13
23491,4,Not working. It is showing warning signs. And also blinking light of trouble shooting,Printers,85
23492,1,satisfactory product,Printers,20
23493,5,"I was order on 10th Jun -20 and Delivery on 14th Jun very quick delivery , Thanks Flipcart for early Delivery. I was expecting delivery on 16th but got earlier on sunday. Good quality of printing from my Laptop. I am giving review on the day of delivery that is today.",Printers,268
23494,1,Not bad,Printers,7
23495,5,No good condition the bad condition,Printers,35
23496,3,Very nice product an excellent product and brand of canon i am using this last 6 months there is no issue with this product thank you flipkart.,Printers,143
23497,4,Very low quality don't buy this item,Printers,36
23498,5,"Good printer and scanner, Good color printer, Great printer for small price",Printers,75
23499,5,Nice,Printers,4
23500,1,Good,Printers,4
23501,5,Worth for money,Printers,15
23502,3,Value for money,Printers,15
23503,5,Horrible product!,Printers,17
23504,4,"Great Printer, Cost Is Expensive Comparison With Some Other's Canon One, But Great Value For Money👍",Printers,99
23505,5,Prodakt is good but delebari boy is bijabiyer very bat,Printers,54
23506,5,Ok,Printers,2
23507,3,I liked it's performance,Printers,24
23508,5,Good quality,Printers,12
23509,1,Excellent printer 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,Printers,24
23510,1,"Working good so far, heared ink is quite expensive , let me see",Printers,63
23511,5,Printer is too good in a cheap cost...👍,Printers,39
23512,5,wast,Printers,4
23513,1,Ink was empty in just 40 prints,Printers,31
23514,5,It's wonderful and nice one to get in cheap cost.. and printing quality is nice,Printers,79
23515,4,Supbb prodect,Printers,13
23516,4,Don't buy thish product.,Printers,24
23517,5,Best printer at this price,Printers,26
23518,1,Good,Printers,4
23519,5,Good product...at this price,Printers,28
23520,1,Good,Printers,4
23521,4,Bad quality no buying Flipkart last chans,Printers,41
23522,3,"Awesome, Mind-blowing, Fabulous Printer 😎. Thanks Flipkart 😊",Printers,60
23523,2,ink consumption is more and more nosy operation dont purchase waste of money,Printers,76
23524,1,Fatastic product,Printers,16
23525,5,Ink amount is lesa,Printers,18
23526,1,Printer is ok but the catridge last for only around 20 pages...,Printers,63
23527,1,Very poor,Printers,9
23528,1,Good one. Very useful.. Must have product for all,Printers,49
23529,1,Simple,Printers,6
23530,5,Waste product loss of money & time waste not working i have purchase in 5 days but printer was not working,Printers,106
23531,4,Not working good,Printers,16
23532,1,No wifi connectivity,Printers,20
23533,5,Nice,Printers,4
23534,5,nice,Printers,4
23535,5,Bad product. And ink is going low very fast. Waste and bad and very bad product,Printers,79
23536,3,good,Printers,4
23537,4,Very best print,Printers,15
23538,5,Thanks for giving money,Printers,23
23539,5,Good in this price,Printers,18
23540,4,Nice printer. Value for money. Easy install,Printers,43
23541,1,Very good,Printers,9
23542,1,Good printer,Printers,12
23543,5,Good,Printers,4
23544,2,Ink ends so fast,Printers,16
23545,5,Not so good...,Printers,14
23546,5,Good I'm happy,Printers,14
23547,1,ONLY 15 PAGE PRINTED AND BLACK INK FINISHED .,Printers,45
23548,4,Good,Printers,4
23549,5,Super product,Printers,13
23550,5,Bad product,Printers,11
23551,1,Worth it for amount,Printers,19
23552,4,Excellent,Printers,9
23553,5,Quite good product. Highly recomanded.,Printers,38
23554,3,dont buy printer is good but catridge is very costly..,Printers,54
23555,1,Good product but little bit slow in printing and black colour takes time to dry other than that it's a good and valuable product,Printers,128
23556,5,Super printer,Printers,13
23557,5,"Relabeled rates and all scen, printer and photo copies good",Printers,59
23558,5,1 paper print 20 rupees. Don't buy it.iam purchase this printer,Printers,63
23559,4,Best printer,Printers,12
23560,5,Good,Printers,4
23561,1,I'm Happy .But courier partner behaviour not Good I'm going to office pickup product .,Printers,86
23562,5,Very nice products,Printers,18
23563,1,good prodect,Printers,12
23564,5,worst product,Printers,13
23565,1,Awesome product print quality is very good don't think twice just go for it,Printers,75
23566,5,it not workproperly,Printers,19
23567,2,best printer,Printers,12
23568,5,Product is fully damaged,Printers,24
23569,5,Good Product 👌👌👌,Printers,16
23570,1,Not a purchase this items,Printers,25
23571,5,Awesome 👍,Printers,9
23572,5,Its good but ink bhout use krta hai ...,Printers,39
23573,5,Waste of time,Printers,13
23574,1,It's a very good product and work it very nice. Thank you flipkat.,Printers,66
23575,5,Super,Printers,5
23576,1,I want one year warranty from the date of purchase when I registered this product online it gives me only 7 month warranty don't cheat me... please give me one year onite warranty as given in specifications other wise I will move to consumer forum,Printers,247
23577,5,new Product 5011 Error vary bad,Printers,31
23578,1,Good,Printers,4
23579,1,Worst product ever by Canon .You can't repair it anywhere in this world.Its use and through product.Always face difficulty after refill of ink. It will take you to deepression.Don't But it. I am not a fake reviewer.Take it seriously.You can but only models starting from 9/10k,Printers,276
23580,1,good.,Printers,5
23581,4,Worst printer never buy this printer 🖨. Ink cost more then the cost of printer 😂,Printers,80
23582,4,Please don't take this product.,Printers,31
23583,1,Bad product and not working,Printers,27
23584,5,Good,Printers,4
23585,3,The cartaige gets over very fast if you will take my suggestion please buy the printer having tank system non cartaige printer .,Printers,128
23586,5,Don't dare to by this product. Cartridges cost is same as printers . But you get Free cartridge with printer. Better buy refillable printer. and don't even think of doing jugad to cover refillable. you will mess it up.,Printers,218
23587,1,Very good,Printers,9
23588,2,Thanks,Printers,6
23589,4,Very best printer in this prize And very good looking,Printers,53
23590,5,Producr good bt we gave buy cartridges we shouldn't refill the cartridges. Plz don't waste your money.,Printers,102
23591,5,USB cable not now,Printers,17
23592,1,Nice print,Printers,10
23593,1,Good,Printers,4
23594,4,Awesome printer Value for money product,Printers,39
23595,3,Bad printing 👎 Waste of money,Printers,29
23596,3,It is not working properly,Printers,26
23597,5,Very bad due low cartridge life,Printers,31
23598,1,Nice but not good,Printers,17
23599,1,Thank you flipkart super printer,Printers,32
23600,5,The Product is running very smoothly... Print quality is fine... Thanks to @Flipkart..,Printers,86
23601,1,Bad  Only 15 to 20 page in one cartridge  Waste of money,Printers,56
23602,1,"I want to give 0 star. Totally money waste, don't buy plz.....",Printers,62
23603,5,Nice,Printers,4
23604,4,Worst than worst,Printers,16
23605,1,Waste of money,Printers,14
23606,5,"working good, clean print ,scan and xerox and you can refill the catrige (refer youtube how to refilling) . Finnally low cost , looking smart....can take mobile print (pdf docu) by mobile app #noko printer..",Printers,207
23607,1,Good working and cartridge RS 2499 only,Printers,39
23608,1,Bad experiences,Printers,15
23609,1,Error,Printers,5
23610,5,very bad product,Printers,16
23611,1,Very bad don't Waste your money,Printers,31
23612,5,After 15 day printer not working,Printers,32
23613,5,Good product,Printers,12
23614,4,Bad quality,Printers,11
23615,2,Nice and used to printer user friendly,Printers,38
23616,5,Excellent,Printers,9
23617,1,No more ink,Printers,11
23618,5,Average,Printers,7
23619,1,Good product,Printers,12
23620,2,Very bad. Not working. I think so second hand product.,Printers,54
23621,5,"Realy good ,, value for money",Printers,29
23622,5,Bad,Printers,3
23623,1,Nys products,Printers,12
23624,3,This product is very good,Printers,25
23625,5,Product is so good but the CD is not working,Printers,44
23626,5,Bad,Printers,3
23627,2,Ok,Printers,2
23628,1,Good for scanning,Printers,17
23629,3,very nice products,Printers,18
23630,1,Not bad,Printers,7
23631,3,Just okay. It's ink cartridges finished too early. It's only print 60-70 pages. Don't buy this.,Printers,95
23632,5,Printer is Bast...,Printers,18
23633,5,Cartage is very costly otherwise good,Printers,37
23634,5,It is waste Item,Printers,16
23635,4,Very nice product And superb printing👍,Printers,38
23636,5,Excellent product must buy,Printers,26
23637,5,Good one...,Printers,11
23638,5,Very good quality of output really I take a colour print and it's really awesome...but only the ink is expensive,Printers,112
23639,5,Good,Printers,4
23640,5,Best product super price range,Printers,30
23641,5,Nice,Printers,4
23642,1,Nice products,Printers,13
23643,1,Good product prompt delivery proper packing,Printers,43
23644,5,"Nice copy,print and scan But delivery is to late from giving time,",Printers,66
23645,5,Very bad,Printers,8
23646,4,Send that CD is not perfect,Printers,27
23647,1,It's very nice and super item. The print is very clear.,Printers,55
23648,4,Very good product,Printers,17
23649,1,Good,Printers,4
23650,5,very bad product,Printers,16
23651,5,Good product and it's print clearly. Thnx flipcart,Printers,50
23652,5,"Very Bad quality, it's ink too much expensive",Printers,45
23653,1,Nice,Printers,4
23654,5,Perfect small printer. Low running cost and raveshing office looks,Printers,66
23655,1,very nice printer,Printers,17
23656,4,Verry bad not good,Printers,18
23657,4,Really Nice,Printers,11
23658,5,too bad,Printers,7
23659,3,Good product... easy to connect and use... printing quality also good,Printers,69
23660,5,Good,Printers,4
23661,5,Very good product,Printers,17
23662,4,Good,Printers,4
23663,4,Very good product,Printers,17
23664,1,Funny and very good,Printers,19
23665,2,Functioning good but not he cartridge get empty soon print costs too high,Printers,73
23666,5,Good product for a reasonable price. Product quality is also good.,Printers,66
23667,3,"very bad product, not a trustable product",Printers,41
23668,5,slow but working good,Printers,21
23669,5,Awesome,Printers,7
23670,2,this product is good printer no any problem,Printers,43
23671,5,Good,Printers,4
23672,4,Good product 👍 valuable Mony...,Printers,31
23673,1,printer is good but catrieges are very bad,Printers,42
23674,4,I buy it from flipkart at better price,Printers,38
23675,1,wow: O my God ' ---,Printers,19
23676,4,Poor print photo card,Printers,21
23677,5,Good product but instalation is dificult instalation setup is MG2500 setup so delay the process,Printers,95
23678,5,Not good worst product,Printers,22
23679,4,Good,Printers,4
23680,5,"Very nice product fully satisfied . Thanks a bunch flipkart. Love it.😇 Don't think , go for it. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍",Printers,103
23681,1,Awesome,Printers,7
23682,1,Ink cartridge emptied in a week although not. Used often....,Printers,60
23683,5,EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE,Printers,21
23684,5,very bad black,Printers,14
23685,4,Waste of money,Printers,14
23686,5,Nice 👌👌👌💯💯,Printers,10
23687,1,Nice printer,Printers,12
23688,3,printer is good but the cartidge of ink is bad because i print only 3papper and ink is telling me out of ink,Printers,108
23689,5,I like this,Printers,11
23690,1,Not good,Printers,8
23691,4,Money veste product,Printers,19
23692,1,Cost effective and best for personal use,Printers,40
23693,1,superb Amazing printer in less money Thanku flipkart,Printers,52
23694,1,Very nice,Printers,9
23695,5,it's not working,Printers,16
23696,3,Worst printer in the whole world it is simply consuming large amount ink wastage of money do not buy this printer,Printers,113
23697,1,bad product,Printers,11
23698,5,Good,Printers,4
23699,5,Feel very bad to this printer,Printers,29
23700,5,third class,Printers,11
23701,3,Good product,Printers,12
23702,4,ok,Printers,2
23703,5,Budget price..... Super quality...In low cost...,Printers,48
23704,1,Works good,Printers,10
23705,4,Not that much expected......,Printers,28
23706,5,Nice product.,Printers,13
23707,5,printer no work.,Printers,16
23708,5,Very good product,Printers,17
23709,1,Nice product for home use,Printers,25
23710,1,Awesome product at affordable price!!!,Printers,38
23711,1,It's really good . Must buy,Printers,27
23712,5,Worst printer..no one should brought it,Printers,39
23713,3,This item is totally rough,Printers,26
23714,1,"worst qulty, nd there was no replacmnt by flipkart. there was no respnse for anyone. printer luks gud.,but inbulid qty bad, damaged too. there iz ni retrn policy",Printers,161
23715,5,Good product,Printers,12
23716,5,Inkjet not print 100 page,Printers,25
23717,5,Dont buy any printet in flipkart waste of money,Printers,47
23718,5,Super printer,Printers,13
23719,5,Nice product and affordable,Printers,27
23720,5,Awesome product I like it,Printers,25
23721,5,Very Nice Product it always start in windows 10 laptop this printer have scanner also and also coloyr print very nice,Printers,117
23722,5,Good Product,Printers,12
23723,3,Good,Printers,4
23724,5,So fabulous... Must buy..,Printers,25
23725,3,Good,Printers,4
23726,1,Nyc,Printers,3
23727,5,Nice product,Printers,12
23728,1,Good,Printers,4
23729,5,"Pathetic, I don’t recommend.",Printers,28
23730,5,Excellent,Printers,9
23731,1,Printing problem,Printers,16
23732,2,Nice,Printers,4
23733,1,good,Printers,4
23734,5,Bed Colour printing,Printers,19
23735,4,Avarage because Cartridge not perfect for print and too much costly. Also original Cartridge not available in market. So not well.,Printers,130
23736,5,dont bye west of money,Printers,22
23737,3,Photo printing is not good but otherwise perfect,Printers,48
23738,3,Good product..,Printers,14
23739,4,Affordable and great printing,Printers,29
23740,4,Very bad waste of money,Printers,23
23741,2,Nice,Printers,4
23742,1,Good,Printers,4
23743,5,Average printer. Average print quality but nice product on this price point.,Printers,76
23744,1,Black ink is finished waste product but print is good,Printers,53
23745,4,Bad,Printers,3
23746,3,Nice product,Printers,12
23747,5,Waste printer. Pls don't buy this printer. Because the company gives one black and on color cartridge. Its gives 30 prints only. And cartridge so expensive. Don't buy .don't buy,Printers,177
23748,4,I'd have given it a 5 star rating if the refill cartridges were not so expensive. Great all-in-one printer.,Printers,107
23749,3,Awsm quality but ink is less provided,Printers,37
23750,2,God,Printers,3
23751,3,Good one,Printers,8
23752,1,Nice,Printers,4
23753,4,ink is very low ... your money waste,Printers,36
23754,4,If you don't want to spend much more than it is OK.,Printers,51
23755,5,Copy is very expensive,Printers,22
23756,5,Nice,Printers,4
23757,1,Good product,Printers,12
23758,5,Good,Printers,4
23759,5,Amaaaaziingg product..super se bhi uper,Printers,39
23760,3,Cartridge so costly,Printers,19
23761,4,Simple to install. Value for money,Printers,34
23762,3,good but inke prize is700,Printers,25
23763,5,good,Printers,4
23764,2,good,Printers,4
23765,1,Ok but colour 10 picture only print,Printers,35
23766,5,Good Product,Printers,12
23767,1,No wait ! Full plastic ! Over noise !  Not satisfied in protect !,Printers,65
23768,4,This are compliment products don't use this products ....Not have much life . .. the worst product,Printers,98
23769,5,Very very best canon printer,Printers,28
23770,2,Very bad products,Printers,17
23771,5,Very good product Canon brand you can trust you can buy,Printers,55
23772,5,Value for money,Printers,15
23773,5,nice printer best printing and scaning thise price,Printers,50
23774,3,"Printer all quality good but not use for regular basic work, it's ink cartridge to costly",Printers,89
23775,1,nice,Printers,4
23776,3,Product is good in best price range,Printers,35
23777,1,Product is good.,Printers,16
23778,1,Bakbass pritter not buying,Printers,26
23779,1,"Average.. maximum 100 printing for black and white, 100 printing colour. It's loss",Printers,82
23780,4,Not good,Printers,8
23781,3,Ink problem,Printers,11
23782,3,"Not working properly, printing and xerox are costly",Printers,51
23783,4,Its just awesome ..this product is too good.. value for money.,Printers,62
23784,5,Good product.,Printers,13
23785,3,Very good product,Printers,17
23786,2,Printer ok...but cartridge came 40 pages only.. worst..,Printers,55
23787,5,Must product hai. If u only use in home. 5-10 print every day its a batter product.,Printers,83
23788,1,Printer is good. But ink is sufficient and it's also highly cost,Printers,64
23789,1,Printer is good but scanning Time and ink cost is headache,Printers,58
23790,5,Super,Printers,5
23791,5,Waste printer,Printers,13
23792,5,Very low quality,Printers,16
23793,5,good product,Printers,12
23794,5,Really this printer is very good. I am very happy to Flipkart. thank you so much Flipcart And this printer I got only 2499.,Printers,123
23795,3,superb,Printers,6
23796,5,good,Printers,4
23797,5,Good,Printers,4
23798,1,If you want to use with mobile plz don't purchase it..print cost is higher than others,Printers,86
23799,4,Ok,Printers,2
23800,5,Nice porduct,Printers,12
23801,1,Wrost ever I purchased from Flipkart lot of error,Printers,49
23802,1,good product,Printers,12
23803,5,Good product with cheep rate,Printers,28
23804,4,Very bad product,Printers,16
23805,5,Very bad,Printers,8
23806,5,Flipkart is very prompt with the replacement process and they provided me all the updates until I received the replacement printer for the defective one. Thank you so much!!!,Printers,174
23807,4,It is best product for individual usee print quality is so osm and best response time is less so I refer to all u can purchase it silver is before time but drive was difective showing errors but I don't replace product and download form canon website it is working good,Printers,269
23808,1,Nice work,Printers,9
23809,5,delivery man is too bad ..... amazing product.....only 30colour copy black 80 good paper not available,Printers,102
23810,5,So good,Printers,7
23811,3,Low ink vry fast.... Bad experience,Printers,35
23812,3,Nice,Printers,4
23813,2,good printer....it costs me high but after all satisfied,Printers,56
23814,3,Printing quality is too good but the cartridges were empty,Printers,58
23815,5,First of all it can print less than 300 page and it's ink cartridge cost is very high i will tell you that my one had got damage in 3 months,Printers,140
23816,4,only 20scan ink is over,Printers,23
23817,4,printer is cheap but printing cost is very high,Printers,47
23818,5,Excellent,Printers,9
23819,5,"Good printer value for money, printing quality is also good, but Catraige Refilling is big problem in this printer Catraige cost is high rates.",Printers,143
23820,4,Quite happy with this product. Buy this product only 4 personal use.,Printers,68
23821,5,Nice product awesom,Printers,19
23822,5,very good,Printers,9
23823,4,Scanning quality and bw print quality is very good but color print quality is not as per expection.,Printers,99
23824,3,Good,Printers,4
23825,4,Thanks flipkart...delivered too fast.thanks ekart Nice product,Printers,62
23826,1,"Good product, the print is awesome i suggest whoever planing to buy this,just Go a Head.",Printers,88
23827,1,good ....,Printers,9
23828,4,Very good,Printers,9
23829,5,Product is not working within 10 Days,Printers,37
23830,2,1 black print out and carteg out ink,Printers,36
23831,1,Paint is OK but very slow,Printers,25
23832,3,Nice product in this price 👍,Printers,28
23833,4,Bad product don't buy after the ending return policy it gets damage automatically some function are not work properly and it is light weight made by weak plastic,Printers,161
23834,5,Not good.,Printers,9
23835,4,It's cheap in price but print daily otherwise ink was dry...,Printers,60
23836,5,I bought in 2700 and also buy the ink to refills the cartridge around 500 print of photographs i will print it no problems. And it also best for the zerox but it took more time(it is acceptable for this price) after 100 print then refill the cartridge.,Printers,252
23837,1,Worth of money...,Printers,17
23838,5,Good product,Printers,12
23839,5,Super,Printers,5
23840,5,It's Awesome ❤️😍,Printers,16
23841,1,very very nice product,Printers,22
23842,5,super,Printers,5
23843,3,House personal use canon printer best,Printers,37
23844,5,very bat quality don't buy this,Printers,31
23845,5,Ink cartridge lower,Printers,19
23846,3,It's good to use but it supports only printing and copying feature with windows 7 and 10,Printers,88
23847,4,Ink capacity is low,Printers,19
23848,4,very nice product,Printers,17
23849,5,no problem best in price rate,Printers,29
23850,1,Super,Printers,5
23851,5,Printer is nice and light weight. Print quaint is also good. The only negative point is that it's ink cartridges are costly.,Printers,124
23852,4,Simple Printer Model Light Weight Easy To Use,Printers,45
23853,5,Worst cartridge,Printers,15
23854,5,Good products,Printers,13
23855,4,My product is damaj.1year worenty but this products runeing 8manth,Printers,66
23856,5,very good products,Printers,18
23857,4,Good printer,Printers,12
23858,5,Very nice product and,Printers,21
23859,5,This product is very nice full,Printers,30
23860,5,Very good,Printers,9
23861,5,product good but delivery boy is delay..,Printers,40
23862,4,Good product....,Printers,16
23863,3,good product,Printers,12
23864,5,Hi this product is very good printer in this price... thanks filpkart,Printers,69
23865,4,i realy like this product,Printers,25
23866,2,Good printer,Printers,12
23867,5,it's very good 😊👍👌,Printers,18
23868,4,Good product,Printers,12
23869,5,1 order product damage 2 order product not working,Printers,50
23870,5,Asome,Printers,5
23871,3,on time delivery...superb product...👌,Printers,37
23872,1,It's product was very good and easily operating system,Printers,54
23873,4,good,Printers,4
23874,1,ink jet capacity is too small,Printers,29
23875,4,very very bad printer,Printers,21
23876,1,Very nice products,Printers,18
23877,3,don't buy this product defective product is received by flipkart,Printers,64
23878,1,Best printer in this price. I just love this printer,Printers,52
23879,1,Don't buy from flipkart,Printers,23
23880,3,ink has dried printing is not coming pls send other ink cadge,Printers,61
23881,1,very poor product quality,Printers,25
23882,1,Bad,Printers,3
23883,4,Good but short on ink in very less time,Printers,39
23884,5,Very bad product. Please don't buy this printer wasting money.,Printers,62
23885,5,Not good,Printers,8
23886,1,it is just like a fantastic product,Printers,35
23887,5,super,Printers,5
23888,2,ok,Printers,2
23889,1,problem.,Printers,8
23890,4,Good. Using more than two months. Good for projects works. For ink refill with prodot inks from flipkart. Best.,Printers,111
23891,1,Bad,Printers,3
23892,1,Sir ink else dalege,Printers,19
23893,4,its a good product for a regular use.,Printers,37
23894,5,very bad product,Printers,16
23895,3,bad product. cartridge is very less durable,Printers,43
23896,1,Produce was good,Printers,16
23897,5,Excellent service and nice product,Printers,34
23898,5,gud,Printers,3
23899,5,not good,Printers,8
23900,1,great,Printers,5
23901,5,super,Printers,5
23902,1,nic,Printers,3
23903,5,very very poor,Printers,14
23904,3,good,Printers,4
23905,5,waste of money,Printers,14
23906,4,Good Product 😁😁😁😁👍👍👍,Printers,20
23907,5,Nice I like it!👍👌,Printers,17
23908,1,good Product,Printers,12
23909,5,Why this product?? 1. Best price 2. Multiple purpose 3. Various paper sizes 4. Usb connection   Why not ?? Only REASON----VERY LESS PRINTING CAPACITY OF CARTILAGE,Printers,162
23910,5,nice,Printers,4
23911,5,ink fast finish waste,Printers,21
23912,5,Very nice and helpful to you and your family and friends and,Printers,60
23913,4,Super,Printers,5
23914,5,nice,Printers,4
23915,4,good,Printers,4
23916,1,Much better In budget range,Printers,27
23917,3,Nice,Printers,4
23918,5,good product,Printers,12
23919,4,Its very bad product I did'n even like it It is waste of money It has problem in its ink cartridges Its getting empty by two or three days only,Printers,143
23920,5,bad,Printers,3
23921,5,Nice product,Printers,12
23922,4,good but cartridges price is to high,Printers,36
23923,1,I'm happy,Printers,9
23924,1,very good,Printers,9
23925,1,"The quality is awesome, but when i take photocopys, it takes some more time to start printing.... Overall it's a good product.",Printers,126
23926,4,The seller is cheater. Printer not connected to mobile with usb,Printers,63
23927,5,got repair in 3days,Printers,19
23928,5,very much costly print I get only 10 print and cartiage was empaty,Printers,66
23929,3,good product,Printers,12
23930,5,good quality,Printers,12
23931,1,Good,Printers,4
23932,4,good quality but it's catrige is expensive,Printers,42
23933,1,Good and good,Printers,13
23934,5,printing quality very low. Dont waste your money.,Printers,49
23935,3,Print quality is nice. Slow printing. Great value for money. Good printer at such a low price.,Printers,94
23936,5,very bad printer,Printers,16
23937,5,Awesome product thank you flipkart,Printers,34
23938,1,Not Good,Printers,8
23939,5,nice printer in this bidget,Printers,27
23940,1,Okay,Printers,4
23941,1,Not worked all all. Neither detected by system nor the copy function worked.. Returned.,Printers,87
23942,5,super dupar,Printers,11
23943,5,printer is not working I will return this product,Printers,49
23944,2,ok,Printers,2
23945,1,nice working,Printers,12
23946,2,nice,Printers,4
23947,5,ink ended within 100 pages..will be quite costly to refill so frequently,Printers,72
23948,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
23949,4,Waste product,Printers,13
23950,5,okk,Printers,3
23951,3,nice ' the first day of using............,Printers,41
23952,5,good projuct,Printers,12
23953,5,I am happy good product,Printers,23
23954,5,printing problem,Printers,16
23955,4,Worth buying 👍,Printers,14
23956,1,good,Printers,4
23957,1,this quality is good. Link filling is having difficulty,Printers,55
23958,1,Nice,Printers,4
23959,5,worst printer cartridge is empty in just 20 printed paper,Printers,57
23960,4,It's not working bad experience,Printers,31
23961,5,20 print black is over worst product,Printers,36
23962,2,This very best,Printers,14
23963,4,Nice worth above money,Printers,22
23964,2,Printing quality is good and good product in this price,Printers,55
23965,1,print quality is very poor ....,Printers,31
23966,2,"Product is good, but per page printing cost is too high, like feeding the elephant",Printers,82
23967,1,Average,Printers,7
23968,5,Cooler print is very bad,Printers,24
23969,3,ink taking capacity is too high...hardly 20 pages are printed per cartridge which is too expensive,Printers,98
23970,1,my printer wasn't working,Printers,25
23971,4,Bad product,Printers,11
23972,1,thaks fc good printer scnner,Printers,28
23973,5,very bad printer ink cartridges are not good you have re fill them in taking out 15-20copies only,Printers,97
23974,3,nice but no idea how much copies taken by single incjet,Printers,55
23975,5,bad product not buy please to all,Printers,33
23976,4,Nice printer,Printers,12
23977,5,good,Printers,4
23978,5,good product delivery,Printers,21
23979,5,For Only Limited ...,Printers,20
23980,5,good,Printers,4
23981,5,good quality printing,Printers,21
23982,5,nice,Printers,4
23983,5,good item,Printers,9
23984,5,Nice Printer.,Printers,13
23985,5,Great product,Printers,13
23986,5,thanks for flipkart,Printers,19
23987,5,I will use for odisha state in India. This is Very Very Nice printer I like this Product .,Printers,90
23988,4,"nice product , Thank you flipkart",Printers,33
23989,5,excellent nice printer,Printers,22
23990,5,Good quality,Printers,12
23991,4,NICE PRODUCT ON THIS PRICE,Printers,26
23992,4,nice quality print out.,Printers,23
23993,3,good,Printers,4
23994,4,Very good value for money.,Printers,26
23995,5,good quality and cheaply,Printers,24
23996,4,printer nice good but link kharab only 1month used,Printers,50
23997,3,nice product,Printers,12
23998,5,Nice home usage printer,Printers,23
23999,5,Replacement is very fast good service by Flipkart thanks to team Very nice product,Printers,82
24000,5,I Received this product on 11 Dec.2019.......Black cartridge given around 60 Copies only after that NO PRINT.... otherwise Very good product & it gives fast printing ...,Printers,169
24001,4,Awesome,Printers,7
24002,5,very good,Printers,9
24003,4,osm printer,Printers,11
24004,5,Awsome ♥,Printers,8
24005,5,bahot budget price,Printers,18
24006,3,good,Printers,4
24007,5,super working,Printers,13
24008,5,it was awesome,Printers,14
24009,5,"medium quality,but ok",Printers,21
24010,5,Excellent Product,Printers,17
24011,5,"good product., sound problem",Printers,28
24012,2,Nice,Printers,4
24013,2,very nice prodacat,Printers,18
24014,3,good,Printers,4
24015,5,product is bed,Printers,14
24016,5,"It's only connect system only. Wrongly Review the Android Phone Connect, Totally Waste. Not Wi-Fi and USB Connection",Printers,116
24017,5,not so good,Printers,11
24018,5,laptop and destop as not conected this printer.,Printers,47
24019,1,Supar product,Printers,13
24020,5,nice printer,Printers,12
24021,5,nice,Printers,4
24022,5,it's not useful for any office work cartiage short problem and very higher rate cartiage printer so waste of money product,Printers,122
24023,5,aweaome working last six month cartilage refilling and printing 200pages per month,Printers,82
24024,5,It is working so good.,Printers,22
24025,4,Nice product,Printers,12
24026,2,good,Printers,4
24027,5,good,Printers,4
24028,4,worth for the money. I didn't receive any helping module. find difficulty in knowing the operations.,Printers,100
24029,5,"it is not good product don't want your money,😠😠😠😠😠",Printers,50
24030,1,Good,Printers,4
24031,4,good product but it makes noises before printing also one of the rollers was broken. You can also fill ink in the cartridge so just don't replace the cartridge. Drill the cartridge and inject ink using syringe... Compatible ink can be purchased from flipkart...,Printers,261
24032,4,good,Printers,4
24033,5,good product,Printers,12
24034,4,good option at this price point,Printers,31
24035,5,worthy for price.. printing speed would be slower with respect to laser printer.,Printers,80
24036,4,awsome,Printers,6
24037,4,nice product for home use ...,Printers,29
24038,1,very good,Printers,9
24039,5,Nice printer... Easy configuration and quality of print is very good.,Printers,69
24040,4,Awesome,Printers,7
24041,1,disapoint,Printers,9
24042,5,prodact is good,Printers,15
24043,1,It's really nice ⚒ work 😘😘😘,Printers,27
24044,1,Canon,Printers,5
24045,5,very good printer,Printers,17
24046,5,not good but ok catridage rate is so high,Printers,41
24047,5,good,Printers,4
24048,5,"easy to use, nice one",Printers,21
24049,4,very very good,Printers,14
24050,5,Good product but it's cartridge are too costly,Printers,46
24051,5,Good,Printers,4
24052,1,Prints good but cartridges are very expensive,Printers,45
24053,1,excellent!,Printers,10
24054,2,nice product i like flipkart,Printers,28
24055,4,bad product in 6 pages of print it got over and the refills cost more than the printer,Printers,86
24056,1,Bad product please don't purchase,Printers,33
24057,5,worst product,Printers,13
24058,2,good,Printers,4
24059,5,waste of money,Printers,14
24060,5,it's tooo osm i liked very much,Printers,31
24061,1,very very bad producte costlt cirtige,Printers,37
24062,5,good,Printers,4
24063,1,very good product,Printers,17
24064,4,We dont like this company that's y we we written this product,Printers,61
24065,1,supeer,Printers,6
24066,5,bad quality is ink empty means not put ink another take ink cub,Printers,63
24067,4,Good,Printers,4
24068,5,it's very bad prouduct,Printers,22
24069,1,very good printer,Printers,17
24070,1,very good work,Printers,14
24071,4,good,Printers,4
24072,1,not support mobile,Printers,18
24073,5,item is not working after installing CD it's a totally defective piece,Printers,70
24074,3,this prosuct is good,Printers,20
24075,5,pathetic product,Printers,16
24076,4,good,Printers,4
24077,5,it's not working actually it's not getting connected to my pc,Printers,61
24078,1,good,Printers,4
24079,5,NYC product,Printers,11
24080,3,best product i got from flipkart,Printers,32
24081,1,worst thing sold by flipkart,Printers,28
24082,5,very goooog,Printers,11
24083,1,good product,Printers,12
24084,5,very bed inkje problam,Printers,22
24085,5,good,Printers,4
24086,4,Defective product Even replacement is defective I am very much disappointed,Printers,75
24087,1,hy,Printers,2
24088,4,good in design but the cartage size is very low,Printers,47
24089,5,nice working,Printers,12
24090,4,product not working,Printers,19
24091,5,"The ink kit isn't good, too much little, bt the product is almost good..",Printers,72
24092,5,Easy to use and install. Good printing quality,Printers,46
24093,5,Got it in only RS 1200,Printers,22
24094,4,it is good all in one printer on this price,Printers,43
24095,1,Product and service to gud,Printers,26
24096,1,print quality is so good i leave a 150 prints in black but this is don't support otgs. in mobile,Printers,96
24097,3,nice,Printers,4
24098,1,printer was not working.,Printers,24
24099,1,Weast product,Printers,13
24100,5,"printer is ok, but toner is very worst only 50 copies given then refil ink only 10 copies wast of money. ciss system not available. printer low cost, but refilling cost high",Printers,173
24101,3,Bad,Printers,3
24102,5,printer is ok but cottage ink printing paper 20.30 papers,Printers,57
24103,1,very good 👍👍 👌,Printers,14
24104,5,The cable that is used connect the computer is not working..,Printers,60
24105,4,nice,Printers,4
24106,5,Product is also very good but Cartigge very expensive,Printers,53
24107,1,Nice product. Good working.,Printers,27
24108,5,good,Printers,4
24109,5,Good printra,Printers,12
24110,3,"very bad product ,",Printers,18
24111,5,nice,Printers,4
24112,1,good,Printers,4
24113,5,K not bad,Printers,9
24114,5,excellent,Printers,9
24115,5,Printer okay but refill is very costly and printer is not connect with android mobile with usb,Printers,94
24116,1,Good,Printers,4
24117,5,Super Printing,Printers,14
24118,5,Good,Printers,4
24119,4,Don't buy this because waste You couldn't change ink You change full cartridge one cartridge cost Rs 1200 u can buy and use it for only 40 pages only So please choose laser printer either new or second hand,Printers,206
24120,1,thanku for this,Printers,15
24121,2,Nic prodect,Printers,11
24122,2,Nice,Printers,4
24123,5,bad,Printers,3
24124,3,not fully satisfied,Printers,19
24125,5,bad choice,Printers,10
24126,4,very nice product I am satisfied with it,Printers,40
24127,5,Black in problem not good result,Printers,32
24128,5,Good buget printer .,Printers,20
24129,1,good,Printers,4
24130,5,nice product,Printers,12
24131,1,good,Printers,4
24132,1,"Printer is good.but the cartridge is expensive than the cost of printer itself.In the beginning everything looks fine.but the real mess begins when you are out of ink cartridge. Buy it,If you can afford 1000 of money for few pages.",Printers,231
24133,5,nice,Printers,4
24134,5,Very Bad,Printers,8
24135,5,no comment but dont buy anyone bcoz very costly print,Printers,53
24136,5,good,Printers,4
24137,3,good,Printers,4
24138,2,happy,Printers,5
24139,5,Not mobile print contact,Printers,24
24140,5,Product is good but delivery experience was very bad.,Printers,53
24141,3,Printing cost is too high,Printers,25
24142,1,nice,Printers,4
24143,1,It's working fine,Printers,17
24144,1,it is not working not scaninig any document,Printers,43
24145,5,its work only 15 days,Printers,21
24146,4,bad,Printers,3
24147,5,Very bad experience.. From past two hours i am trying to install it on my laptop.. But after all downloading process it shows ur printer is not connect very bad experience... I will recommend all not to buy this product anymore.. I will return this product.. Wasted my 2 hours..,Printers,278
24148,1,super,Printers,5
24149,1,Good Printer,Printers,12
24150,5,very good,Printers,9
24151,1,it is not working,Printers,17
24152,5,"I'm very disappointed buy this product, bcz no working mobile otg support this product",Printers,86
24153,5,gud,Printers,3
24154,1,not good,Printers,8
24155,5,best quality in low price,Printers,25
24156,4,good product,Printers,12
24157,1,not ok.....😤😤😤😤😤😡😡😡😡,Printers,20
24158,1,excellent,Printers,9
24159,4,Super duper,Printers,11
24160,1,total vest mani product,Printers,23
24161,3,bad products waste of money,Printers,27
24162,5,not bad,Printers,7
24163,1,Waste this mechine,Printers,18
24164,5,Very nice and very useful,Printers,25
24165,5,super,Printers,5
24166,2,Very Cheap Quality in 2800 i am not happy Receiving this product,Printers,64
24167,5,Nice,Printers,4
24168,4,very good product,Printers,17
24169,1,CD damage,Printers,9
24170,5,Very nice thanks filpkart,Printers,25
24171,1,very nice printer,Printers,17
24172,5,Hardly take 10 pages print out and black ink cartridge indicate empty.,Printers,70
24173,4,Very good quality,Printers,17
24174,4,good printer for home and office use,Printers,36
24175,5,working is batter,Printers,17
24176,5,its nice,Printers,8
24177,4,"Very good printer good quality of both type of print colour and also black. Flipkart had delivered it before one day ago from the date of delivery .   Only one problem is there , that is ink cartage . It has low ink and its cartage is very costly .",Printers,248
24178,1,nice,Printers,4
24179,1,its okay,Printers,8
24180,4,Nice printing,Printers,13
24181,5,the printer was not been able to print it shows error I had to return the product . they said that they will replace the same model,Printers,131
24182,1,Not working properly! Function problem.,Printers,39
24183,5,supar all in one prentar,Printers,24
24184,4,super product,Printers,13
24185,1,THIS STUFF TURNED OUT TO BE VERY BAD,Printers,36
24186,4,very nice,Printers,9
24187,4,Good but inkjet is small.,Printers,25
24188,1,bad please not take any one my product is 1 print also not come please take care 😠,Printers,82
24189,4,nice,Printers,4
24190,5,good but cost for catryga is high,Printers,33
24191,3,Good,Printers,4
24192,2,good,Printers,4
24193,5,cartridge expensive,Printers,19
24194,1,very nice Printer .... Good Product..,Printers,37
24195,4,ink caridge was away early,Printers,26
24196,4,super,Printers,5
24197,5,Nice product but black ink was came for only 30 copies which is given with printer,Printers,82
24198,5,awesome product due to lowest prices,Printers,36
24199,5,ink level very small product are best,Printers,37
24200,3,good,Printers,4
24201,4,Quick delivery and quality product.,Printers,35
24202,5,very nice product mind blowing superb quality,Printers,45
24203,4,Product is good but this printer does not support mobile printing through otg and it takes 14 days to deliver.,Printers,110
24204,2,home perpus better,Printers,18
24205,5,good,Printers,4
24206,1,good product,Printers,12
24207,5,"it's ink cartridges are too costly۔ 1 cartridges can print only 50, papers ۔",Printers,76
24208,5,Very good printer does all activities well,Printers,42
24209,4,"This is waste money ,service and time. worrest..........worrest product.",Printers,72
24210,5,it is good for home printer,Printers,27
24211,1,nice printer,Printers,12
24212,5,nice,Printers,4
24213,5,V.nice,Printers,6
24214,5,nice,Printers,4
24215,2,osm only for 1999,Printers,17
24216,1,super printer,Printers,13
24217,3,The quality is good I ordered in on 1st oct and was delivered on 22nd oct  They just ruined my hope of receiving it and at last it was delivered after 50 phone calls,Printers,165
24218,5,"very bad product, Only blink light.....not Xerox, not print, software problem",Printers,77
24219,5,it was worst product,Printers,20
24220,4,Thinking about cartridge ????,Printers,29
24221,5,NYC so nyc,Printers,10
24222,5,very nice product,Printers,17
24223,5,budget product,Printers,14
24224,5,good of printer,Printers,15
24225,1,V good dilevry,Printers,14
24226,1,nice but slow good in price,Printers,27
24227,1,Good packing,Printers,12
24228,5,Pinter is a faltu,Printers,17
24229,5,it not good for heavy uses if do print in a year sometime then good for you,Printers,75
24230,5,Very Bad printer,Printers,16
24231,5,good,Printers,4
24232,4,very good,Printers,9
24233,1,Good,Printers,4
24234,5,Nice loving product,Printers,19
24235,4,nice it does its work with extreme quality BUT THE INK IS VERY EXPENSIVE AND RUNS OUT FAST,Printers,90
24236,5,waste of money,Printers,14
24237,4,perfect choice..,Printers,16
24238,5,Good,Printers,4
24239,2,Nice,Printers,4
24240,5,Nice printer I got 2299,Printers,23
24241,3,good,Printers,4
24242,3,"Printer OK but cartridges are so costly, my advise, for daily should take one print otherwise cartridges will avoparate,",Printers,120
24243,1,Gud...clr and blak print is awesome...,Printers,38
24244,5,great deal,Printers,10
24245,1,good but caritage very costely,Printers,30
24246,4,Worst experience Can only take 20-30 prints with a cartridge worth 750.Don't be cheated..,Printers,89
24247,5,good,Printers,4
24248,3,best in the world,Printers,17
24249,3,"it awesome ...if u have basic usability then cannon pixma is for u.., and also occasionally printer use ,not large no of prints then it is very gud .",Printers,149
24250,1,very good product,Printers,17
24251,4,good quality in this price range. value of money.,Printers,49
24252,4,printer good but ink capacity is very low,Printers,41
24253,1,worst product,Printers,13
24254,2,"The printer is fabulous. The printing quality is also good and the features are better than any other multifunctional printer. I get this printer at Rs. 1999/- and the MRP is Rs. 4325/-. The power cord is also long.  * But one negative side of the printer is that, the company gives only 1 mtr. length USB cable.",Printers,312
24255,4,nice! but cartridge is so low you can't print more than 50 pages,Printers,64
24256,5,can not attach mobail or teblet unhappy☹️,Printers,41
24257,1,Not working even 5 days,Printers,23
24258,5,good quality worthy,Printers,19
24259,5,super product..low prices,Printers,25
24260,5,very bad products I ever seen,Printers,29
24261,3,very nice printer,Printers,17
24262,5,Nice print of printer colour print is supar.,Printers,44
24263,5,awesome product,Printers,15
24264,3,avvarege product,Printers,16
24265,4,good product,Printers,12
24266,1,Such a gd printer😌 #Tq Flipkart,Printers,31
24267,3,okk,Printers,3
24268,5,nice,Printers,4
24269,1,useless product,Printers,15
24270,5,Very good,Printers,9
24271,5,good product I liked,Printers,20
24272,2,DO NOT WORKING DAMMAGE PRODUCT,Printers,30
24273,4,printer has not printed,Printers,23
24274,3,good product for school kids... for every now and then occasional prints of online pdf and practice worksheets.... bought for the exact purpose.... not to worry about cost of print for occasional printing... saves time for going outside for prints...,Printers,250
24275,1,Bad decision of my life,Printers,23
24276,5,Good Product,Printers,12
24277,5,Color is not good,Printers,17
24278,5,product is not good,Printers,19
24279,1,Nice Product,Printers,12
24280,1,very good product every one can buy it n test result will be amazing,Printers,68
24281,5,good,Printers,4
24282,5,poor product,Printers,12
24283,5,bad product,Printers,11
24284,4,nice,Printers,4
24285,1,super,Printers,5
24286,4,good product,Printers,12
24287,1,nice peoduct,Printers,12
24288,5,not good,Printers,8
24289,4,nice,Printers,4
24290,3,can't connect to the mobaile,Printers,28
24291,5,excellent,Printers,9
24292,2,good,Printers,4
24293,5,must buy,Printers,8
24294,5,nice,Printers,4
24295,5,printer not is good ink and printer image so low,Printers,48
24296,5,good,Printers,4
24297,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24298,4,excellent,Printers,9
24299,4,printer is a good,Printers,17
24300,5,good,Printers,4
24301,5,I like this; osm,Printers,16
24302,5,Prize worthy,Printers,12
24303,5,best,Printers,4
24304,1,very super nice,Printers,15
24305,5,It was awesome v easy to use.Dont go with only printer just go for canon pixma,Printers,78
24306,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24307,5,very bad,Printers,8
24308,5,Super,Printers,5
24309,4,super printed,Printers,13
24310,5,good,Printers,4
24311,1,good printing,Printers,13
24312,5,Very nice,Printers,9
24313,5,working good,Printers,12
24314,5,bakwass printer,Printers,15
24315,5,good,Printers,4
24316,5,good printing super canon,Printers,25
24317,5,Superb,Printers,6
24318,3,Nice printer,Printers,12
24319,4,nic dilevari,Printers,12
24320,5,Really nice,Printers,11
24321,5,good,Printers,4
24322,5,nice.,Printers,5
24323,5,super and valuable value good printing 👌👌,Printers,41
24324,5,good but not bad,Printers,16
24325,1,good,Printers,4
24326,5,awsom product,Printers,13
24327,5,It does what it claims :) Very good print quality and scan quality. I am a Linux user and my Ubuntu laptop detected the printer straight away. All functionality including scanner works fine. I don't have any idea how long the cartridge will last.,Printers,246
24328,5,Ink cost high,Printers,13
24329,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24330,1,good,Printers,4
24331,5,Very good all in one printer in a budget,Printers,40
24332,5,"Very good printer in this price segment , Fast scanning and printing . overall good product .",Printers,93
24333,1,very bad,Printers,8
24334,3,Very good,Printers,9
24335,5,"outstanding perform,,,just go for this printer",Printers,46
24336,5,one time cartridge probelem your canon printer ritons,Printers,53
24337,5,nice,Printers,4
24338,3,super,Printers,5
24339,5,Awesome product. I love it. Quality of print is very good,Printers,57
24340,5,printer was too nice but cartridge was problem for me,Printers,53
24341,5,printer is good but i got 2699 now in flipkart 1949,Printers,51
24342,5,nice printer.... working also well.... printing also ok....,Printers,59
24343,4,value for mooney good one,Printers,25
24344,5,Do buy it. I got it in just 1949. nobody could believe its price and printing quality.,Printers,86
24345,1,Good,Printers,4
24346,5,so nice,Printers,7
24347,2,Good product using very easy,Printers,28
24348,5,best quality... nice piece...,Printers,29
24349,3,Nice product. 3 in 1.,Printers,21
24350,4,bad,Printers,3
24351,1,good,Printers,4
24352,1,superb product this is very good printer on this price☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️☺️,Printers,66
24353,1,ok till now.,Printers,12
24354,5,Cartiage cost more than the price of printer. Don't make a second thought to buy it.,Printers,84
24355,2,Dont Buy this product,Printers,21
24356,4,worst item it wasn't work after few months,Printers,42
24357,1,good product for correct price,Printers,30
24358,3,Super,Printers,5
24359,5,does whatever you ask but you have to be patient as it's slow but you can't expect much in this price range.,Printers,108
24360,5,very bad. Only money West,Printers,25
24361,5,the inka get dried if it is not used over a month.,Printers,50
24362,1,nice,Printers,4
24363,4,nice printer,Printers,12
24364,4,very nice product thanks for filipkart,Printers,38
24365,1,Such a waste product.I had seen in my life.so many troubles faced while working with this printer,Printers,97
24366,5,super prita,Printers,11
24367,5,ok not bad,Printers,10
24368,1,this is useless printer even if you don't use frequently. once the ink is over scanner also don't work. stupid delicate design.,Printers,127
24369,4,supar,Printers,5
24370,4,super,Printers,5
24371,5,waste,Printers,5
24372,1,Good product,Printers,12
24373,4,good,Printers,4
24374,1,good quality,Printers,12
24375,5,Scanning is not clear.....,Printers,26
24376,4,Good,Printers,4
24377,1,very bad printer,Printers,16
24378,4,very bad,Printers,8
24379,4,good product,Printers,12
24380,5,wast of money,Printers,13
24381,5,good quality,Printers,12
24382,4,good product,Printers,12
24383,1,Nice,Printers,4
24384,5,Good Product. value for money. Very good for small business,Printers,59
24385,5,nice printer but the ink cartaj is so high prise. one cartaj prise 700 rupis only 50pag printe. collar ink prise 900 rupis only 30 pag print.,Printers,141
24386,5,Waste wroste performane,Printers,23
24387,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
24388,5,Good. Nice printer.,Printers,19
24389,4,Excellent,Printers,9
24390,5,Awesome,Printers,7
24391,5,It's working very properly...,Printers,29
24392,3,good product,Printers,12
24393,4,Good printer,Printers,12
24394,4,Sooo good,Printers,9
24395,5,nice one,Printers,8
24396,5,Nice printer in best price,Printers,26
24397,5,its good product,Printers,16
24398,2,ink rates is very high,Printers,22
24399,5,supper,Printers,6
24400,5,good,Printers,4
24401,2,printing is so expansive,Printers,24
24402,1,good,Printers,4
24403,4,very good,Printers,9
24404,4,printer is not working well। pls resolve the problem,Printers,52
24405,1,product was not working Please Don't buy this,Printers,45
24406,5,nice,Printers,4
24407,5,good,Printers,4
24408,3,costly ink bottles. Gives less than 500 prints,Printers,46
24409,2,Go for it if you want it for home uses.,Printers,39
24410,5,it is very best,Printers,15
24411,5,Printer is good 😊 but it's ink is very costly 😭😭,Printers,48
24412,3,very bad product,Printers,16
24413,5,Nicely,Printers,6
24414,5,value of money great product,Printers,28
24415,5,greatest product fine,Printers,21
24416,1,awesome product,Printers,15
24417,5,excellent product,Printers,17
24418,5,nice one,Printers,8
24419,2,. I really hated,Printers,16
24420,5,it's a good one working very good worth for money,Printers,49
24421,1,"It's a masterpiece a device with all you think of! I would have loved this series more,if it could have allowed me to print without OTG cable using my handset. Apart from that everything is flawless...",Printers,201
24422,5,Not God,Printers,7
24423,5,Good,Printers,4
24424,4,"Very bad item Don""t order it very slow",Printers,38
24425,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24426,5,printer is good,Printers,15
24427,4,Product is excellent but Flipkart Delivery delayed.,Printers,51
24428,5,Excellent Printing Quality....,Printers,30
24429,4,"super in cost, but cartridge price is high",Printers,42
24430,5,it's nice... all in one at this price.. recommend totally,Printers,57
24431,4,good product..value for money,Printers,29
24432,1,I'm using this printer last 2 month not see any single issue only one problem I'm facing ink cartridge can take Max 50-60 print only in PG 745 black cartridge cost around 1000rs,Printers,177
24433,3,exlant good delivery good product 😁😁😁👌,Printers,38
24434,5,Good quality,Printers,12
24435,1,rough product,Printers,13
24436,5,Gud,Printers,3
24437,4,"best price, best quality",Printers,24
24438,1,Ink cost is very high,Printers,21
24439,3,good working,Printers,12
24440,5,GOOD,Printers,4
24441,4,"bekar printer , connecting availablity only via USB ,not support any phone.",Printers,75
24442,1,After 10 prints only showing low ink and blinking And after 30 prints ink get over not recommended for high scale printing very costly ink cartidges but printing and scanning is ok,Printers,180
24443,5,VALUE FOR MONEY PRODUCT,Printers,23
24444,5,not bad,Printers,7
24445,5,masine damag,Printers,12
24446,5,its good product colour & black print verry clear,Printers,49
24447,2,good quality print,Printers,18
24448,4,nice product,Printers,12
24449,4,best purchase,Printers,13
24450,4,very poor,Printers,9
24451,1,nice.. and very usefull product ......,Printers,38
24452,5,Good produc,Printers,11
24453,5,awesome product and an osam delivery by flipkar just in 3 days,Printers,62
24454,5,"worst of the worst..it will work for only few days, ink is costly and it wont even print properly",Printers,97
24455,1,good product.. must buy..,Printers,25
24456,5,nice product,Printers,12
24457,3,good product,Printers,12
24458,5,ink is coming 25 papers only,Printers,28
24459,1,good product,Printers,12
24460,3,nice,Printers,4
24461,1,"Realy good product, very low price & good Delivary service....",Printers,62
24462,3,very good,Printers,9
24463,4,Fair product,Printers,12
24464,4,pls don't buy this product,Printers,26
24465,3,not bad,Printers,7
24466,5,good,Printers,4
24467,5,very nice but printing cost is high,Printers,35
24468,5,good,Printers,4
24469,5,Good product,Printers,12
24470,1,god,Printers,3
24471,4,Superb,Printers,6
24472,1,Good in printer but the ink cartridge cost is toooo much high and cartridge printing capacity is also to low,Printers,108
24473,4,"I purchased this product on April 2019, this printer worked well for a month only. with 100 of b/w printing default cartridge got empty. we purchased new cartridge package of original canon ink. From then it's started showing all offset problems. can't even print more than 50+ prints and print quality also became poor. we forced to stop using it after one visit to Canon service center and repeated problems.",Printers,410
24474,3,nice,Printers,4
24475,5,it is not working properly bad product waste product,Printers,52
24476,1,gud deal @1999 ..happy with the item...,Printers,39
24477,5,Good a small and comfort,Printers,24
24478,5,Good quality.. Light weight.. User friendly.. The trail cartridge good for beginners... Overall awesome.. ❤,Printers,107
24479,1,bad product not buy please,Printers,26
24480,4,Printer super quality,Printers,21
24481,5,good,Printers,4
24482,5,printing quality is very bad ..... and ink backup is horrible it finishes upto 25 pages of xerox ( black ink),Printers,109
24483,5,excellent performance tnq Flipkart,Printers,34
24484,5,best in this price range loved it,Printers,33
24485,5,its good.go for it,Printers,18
24486,5,good product,Printers,12
24487,5,Best printer,Printers,12
24488,1,got this old model for 2000. Rs only. in sale. good printer. software very bad. HP software is much better. but for 2000rs great deal,Printers,133
24489,5,it works brilliant and it print very well,Printers,41
24490,4,Good,Printers,4
24491,5,bro don't buy it it's very vaste,Printers,32
24492,1,very bad product. dont buy. it didnot work a single time and the seller trying not to replace it. i request replacements 3 time but every time they cancelled it. dont buy.,Printers,171
24493,5,good,Printers,4
24494,5,"just super printer, super printing quality, thank you flipkart",Printers,62
24495,5,very bad product totaly waste money,Printers,35
24496,5,Very good,Printers,9
24497,3,y This is a very good printer and very useful.,Printers,46
24498,5,good..but cartridge use very fast,Printers,33
24499,4,Good product,Printers,12
24500,1,"Pros: 1) print quality  Cons: 1) slow printing job 2) slow scanning job 3) build quality is cheaper, compare to HP printer 1112 4) otg printing not supported",Printers,157
24501,1,good product working perfectly,Printers,30
24502,4,Good,Printers,4
24503,2,I received this product and it doesn't work.. I requested for a replacement and got nothing.. don't buy,Printers,103
24504,4,this product defect,Printers,19
24505,5,printer is good but cartilage was not good,Printers,42
24506,5,myself Jeevan I am take .mg 2470 printer u not buy because very worrest color print color very costly.,Printers,102
24507,3,thanks,Printers,6
24508,4,"Good product, good price & good service by filipkart.",Printers,53
24509,1,timely delivery and item not bed,Printers,32
24510,4,who i accepted.its really good product..😄,Printers,41
24511,1,It's Really good..Thank you..Flipkart..!!,Printers,41
24512,5,don't buy don't waste money I repair for 4 times,Printers,48
24513,5,super,Printers,5
24514,5,worst product i have ever seen. Its small cartridge is only giving 25-30 prints. They gave it as 100. dont buy it,Printers,113
24515,4,Awesome,Printers,7
24516,5,Good flipkart,Printers,13
24517,5,printer cost is cheaper than ink purchase. you can take maximum 35 prints in black . 40 prints in color. Refilling so difficult.,Printers,128
24518,5,nice product and light weight,Printers,29
24519,3,very nice product thanks to flipkart,Printers,36
24520,5,A good Printer,Printers,14
24521,5,affordable printer happy with Flipkart,Printers,38
24522,4,Costly printing,Printers,15
24523,5,ok,Printers,2
24524,5,The best printer if used wisely cartridge costs much but more valuable if you need to get printouts in emergency overall experience is 5 .,Printers,138
24525,3,item is not OK,Printers,14
24526,5,Very nice printer. With the best quality at a4 size paper you should also have this printer to my your life easy.,Printers,113
24527,5,good,Printers,4
24528,3,please don't buy because there cartridges can't refill,Printers,54
24529,4,Printer is Good...👌 But ink cartridges ink low.....🙄,Printers,52
24530,1,canon printer best quality but ink high rate 745 inkjet 50 copy only 746 inkjet 5o copy only 745 rate 650/= (small) 746 rate 800/= (small),Printers,138
24531,5,Not working properly.... Highly disappointed,Printers,44
24532,1,Delivery system is very bad. Product is good.,Printers,45
24533,5,very worst product,Printers,18
24534,5,good,Printers,4
24535,5,very bad proudect,Printers,17
24536,5,Good but cost is very very high,Printers,31
24537,2,good gualty,Printers,11
24538,1,printer is nicr,Printers,15
24539,3,Good,Printers,4
24540,5,"Waste many pages before a successful colour print. Printing restart on next page after half page is done. Cartridge is small and became empty very fast, almost became half after 6-7 print. Pick many pages together always.",Printers,221
24541,5,is not working orange light blipping,Printers,36
24542,5,Good but black brint not come,Printers,29
24543,4,It's awesome really good product....,Printers,36
24544,1,best printer i got 2000 rupee,Printers,29
24545,5,Not a bad product,Printers,17
24546,5,Good......,Printers,10
24547,5,Poor quality,Printers,12
24548,5,Best,Printers,4
24549,5,nice and good working,Printers,21
24550,5,supper under Price 1999,Printers,23
24551,4,most valuable product,Printers,21
24552,5,fine and value for money..home usage only,Printers,41
24553,1,awesome nice working,Printers,20
24554,5,scan options not identify.,Printers,26
24555,5,You do good job.wonderfull product in this prize.,Printers,49
24556,5,I will Refare Not Buy This Pinter. This Pinter Not Work In pc.,Printers,62
24557,5,I perches thus product at Rs:1999 ..,Printers,36
24558,5,It is very nice,Printers,15
24559,1,Super and very good,Printers,19
24560,2,scanner is very good & print quality is also very good. but ink is costly.,Printers,74
24561,4,"nice product,thnks flipcurt",Printers,27
24562,4,it's very bad printer don't buy this please gys if you buy this product so you're definitely lost your money,Printers,108
24563,1,"Worst product If any one wants to buy this product, I will give you just 500/- rupees only,",Printers,91
24564,5,good,Printers,4
24565,5,nice scanning nice printing both color or black but I have using this from ten days my black cartridge shown notification to replace it's cartridge is also so high rate,Printers,168
24566,5,it is not printing in A4 sheet,Printers,30
24567,5,"as it is,good good...but I faced 4201 error",Printers,43
24568,2,nice peoduct,Printers,12
24569,5,It's only normal user.....,Printers,26
24570,3,This is good pronter in 2399,Printers,28
24571,5,I bought it because it was on sale. Used it sparingly for two years. Print quality was OK. But the scanner stopped working after 1.5 years.,Printers,139
24572,1,ok,Printers,2
24573,1,low weight but easy to use,Printers,26
24574,5,verygood,Printers,8
24575,4,good at working... I bought it for just 2100 thanks to flipkart,Printers,63
24576,4,"It's ink is too costly please don't buy it, only maximum 60 prints can be taken with it. They are also not alowing return.",Printers,122
24577,4,Good product World Best site FLIPKART,Printers,37
24578,5,"nice product, value for money",Printers,29
24579,2,gd,Printers,2
24580,3,nice product,Printers,12
24581,1,i like the product.....,Printers,23
24582,4,Not for long term only use for 1year. After that it is not working properly.,Printers,76
24583,5,average,Printers,7
24584,5,caryage is not fully refill ink,Printers,31
24585,5,not getting print from mobile,Printers,29
24586,5,Nice,Printers,4
24587,1,awsm product😍😍,Printers,14
24588,5,Very speed printer I likd it so much easier handle,Printers,50
24589,5,gud quaity,Printers,10
24590,5,items Mobail connect but not printing,Printers,37
24591,4,Awesome,Printers,7
24592,4,very nice product,Printers,17
24593,5,very nice👌,Printers,10
24594,5,"Good working , satisfactory results",Printers,35
24595,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24596,5,good👍,Printers,5
24597,5,NYC,Printers,3
24598,5,The printer is good.but the cartridge expensive is too bad.,Printers,59
24599,2,Very good performance,Printers,21
24600,5,super,Printers,5
24601,3,good for this price.,Printers,20
24602,3,not connected with mobile,Printers,25
24603,4,Very good,Printers,9
24604,4,Nice printer.. but buying ink cartridge is higher..,Printers,51
24605,5,nice,Printers,4
24606,4,nice,Printers,4
24607,1,classy product and good delivery,Printers,32
24608,5,awesome product 👌 but cartridge capacity too low,Printers,48
24609,5,product is very good all products in.,Printers,37
24610,5,waste of money to buy it,Printers,24
24611,1,Nice product's and quality is good,Printers,34
24612,5,Best,Printers,4
24613,5,Nice product 👌👌👌,Printers,16
24614,2,pathetic... not working,Printers,23
24615,4,best,Printers,4
24616,1,nice product,Printers,12
24617,5,not connected in laptop,Printers,23
24618,4,nice,Printers,4
24619,2,worked for two months and then stopped working ..had to trash it,Printers,64
24620,4,Good,Printers,4
24621,1,good in price range 2000 don't buy if price goes higher,Printers,55
24622,1,printer is good,Printers,15
24623,4,Good printer scanner in its segement,Printers,36
24624,5,Want to rate 0. Since there is no other option rated as 1,Printers,57
24625,4,useless. very costly .,Printers,22
24626,4,Initial performance is good.. Ink price is more..,Printers,49
24627,4,Nice product,Printers,12
24628,4,printer good but cartridge very bad,Printers,35
24629,5,good printer,Printers,12
24630,5,superb..,Printers,8
24631,5,Product normal working,Printers,22
24632,5,Thanks Flipkart,Printers,15
24633,5,very good printer,Printers,17
24634,5,I recommend for all,Printers,19
24635,4,EXCELLENT PRODUCT FOR BUDGET USE AT HOME,Printers,40
24636,5,Awesome,Printers,7
24637,2,3 rs class printer .don't purchase it. with in 20 paper print cartridge ink end. and new cartridge price atleast 500. West of money.,Printers,132
24638,5,good product,Printers,12
24639,4,"Hai this is vgprakash this is a good product for simple home use, This printer having scanner xerox and printing options and its not recommendable for higher usages",Printers,164
24640,5,costing per print is too high..,Printers,31
24641,1,printer is very good but ink is average!?!,Printers,42
24642,5,good product,Printers,12
24643,2,awsome product.... im verry happy.... ooo. nice,Printers,47
24644,5,very bad printer please don't buy,Printers,33
24645,4,gud,Printers,3
24646,1,Cartize not proper work,Printers,23
24647,4,First I get faulty printer but after replacemt received a good one. Thanks to flipkart. About printer color print quality is not much good but ok at this price.,Printers,160
24648,4,Nice working,Printers,12
24649,1,"The Item i got is faulty i went to the company and they said its faulty, dont know what to do next other than repair it which is going to cost me nearly same as the printer!!!! Pleasedo not buy it",Printers,196
24650,4,nice one,Printers,8
24651,1,Excelent,Printers,8
24652,1,"it's worth less product working condition not good, it sounds more noise, to Xerox take time.",Printers,93
24653,4,working fine,Printers,12
24654,5,worst experience,Printers,16
24655,5,worst printer. its only print colour output. its too costly to print in colour.,Printers,79
24656,5,good,Printers,4
24657,3,Excellent printer and having good and reasonable price.,Printers,55
24658,5,gud product,Printers,11
24659,5,Very nice product SUPER,Printers,23
24660,5,30 pages only the ink available don't buy it,Printers,44
24661,1,Loved it!,Printers,9
24662,5,very good,Printers,9
24663,5,super,Printers,5
24664,1,very bad,Printers,8
24665,4,colour print quality is fantastic but its cartidege is very coastly better print can take from shop..,Printers,101
24666,1,excellent....,Printers,13
24667,5,don't buy this product.it do not ink refilled.,Printers,46
24668,5,very nice product....... simply use,Printers,35
24669,5,waste of buying the item is bron on arrival and then I replaced it for new one then they gave it but in that printer scanner was blocked waste of money and time,Printers,160
24670,5,good product at best price,Printers,26
24671,5,nice printer,Printers,12
24672,5,so nice nice,Printers,12
24673,5,Superb printer,Printers,14
24674,5,First delivery this product was damaged then I replaced and I got good product. now I'm fine...,Printers,95
24675,5,nice product,Printers,12
24676,5,nice one scanner still working but problem with inkjet cost is high,Printers,67
24677,1,Nice,Printers,4
24678,2,Super product i loved it .. i suggest to all must buy this.. thank you flipkart,Printers,79
24679,5,nice,Printers,4
24680,1,bad printer,Printers,11
24681,5,processing is very slw....when u try to print anything it will jst take lot of tym to print .Not at all usefull in official work. yess u can use it at home ...bt not recommended,Printers,177
24682,5,Reliable printer,Printers,16
24683,4,Its a super itam,Printers,16
24684,5,this osm,Printers,8
24685,4,Very good product... and the print is very accurate 👌👌,Printers,54
24686,4,The printer is fabulous but it has only one problem that you cannot print from phone using otg..It only supports cloud printing...Overall it is par excellent,Printers,157
24687,4,Superb Product,Printers,14
24688,5,it is good product.,Printers,19
24689,5,value for money,Printers,15
24690,5,printer is very well but. delivery is too late,Printers,46
24691,4,Good product,Printers,12
24692,1,good product as per price,Printers,25
24693,1,Worth for money,Printers,15
24694,1,"working very nice, easy to scan and take Xerox copy both in colour and black print. worth for money.",Printers,100
24695,5,Bad product,Printers,11
24696,5,very very very very fast ink consumed and paper jam problem within few days. Please don't buy,Printers,93
24697,4,Very poor quality,Printers,17
24698,1,nice product My advice is buy this product,Printers,42
24699,5,Thank u Flipkart..you are always great.,Printers,39
24700,1,Value for money Osm product,Printers,27
24701,4,not good choice it's cartage is of 500/- and it gives only 50 pagesprint ...so do not but it,Printers,92
24702,5,nice printer,Printers,12
24703,5,"it's waste of money, worst product",Printers,34
24704,5,nice product in this price,Printers,26
24705,3,delivery is best,Printers,16
24706,4,Good deal Good printer,Printers,22
24707,4,"it's a good quality.best auto scan, printing is best quality compare to hp2131, delivery is full speed.",Printers,103
24708,5,super nice,Printers,10
24709,5,worth of money,Printers,14
24710,4,very nice,Printers,9
24711,5,super product,Printers,13
24712,3,this product is not good,Printers,24
24713,5,NICE PRINTER AND PHOTO QUALITY,Printers,30
24714,4,Good wark,Printers,9
24715,4,Super,Printers,5
24716,4,I don't likehgf,Printers,15
24717,1,Good product for a price.,Printers,25
24718,5,Good material very good delivery Safety backing Thank for Flipkart,Printers,66
24719,4,Good,Printers,4
24720,3,very good product,Printers,17
24721,1,wow,Printers,3
24722,4,Nice printer,Printers,12
24723,5,very good product but I want to be ink very loss,Printers,48
24724,3,Price ok only,Printers,13
24725,1,nice printer,Printers,12
24726,5,Amazing product at this price... As you might know that all the printer companies does not fill out the entire cartridge it will always be half filled at the time of buying new one... Irrespective of the place you buy for or a model you buy... So be prepare for getting a new cartridge after some time soon depending on the level usage you may have...i,Printers,352
24727,5,Printer won't work in W10 OS,Printers,28
24728,1,"do not buy very costly pages better go for ho printers around 2000 better than this, ink very less can be fill in catridge no value at all",Printers,138
24729,5,I have buy this printer is nice for home used purpose .... for colour and back and white print is good quality...,Printers,113
24730,4,Nice printer,Printers,12
24731,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24732,1,Excellent product,Printers,17
24733,3,good product,Printers,12
24734,5,v.good,Printers,6
24735,3,bad printer,Printers,11
24736,5,it takes a lot of ink,Printers,21
24737,5,Excellent,Printers,9
24738,4,low cast good product,Printers,21
24739,5,Superb product,Printers,14
24740,5,Nice,Printers,4
24741,1,worthy ....................................................................to buy,Printers,81
24742,5,Pros: Excellent Quality Product at a good price point. Outstanding color reproduction and pixel density. Cons: after 3 years of non stop use the USB cable had to be replaced.,Printers,174
24743,5,Byad,Printers,4
24744,4,Dull and very bad,Printers,17
24745,5,thank,Printers,5
24746,1,Nice I like it good printer,Printers,27
24747,4,product is super,Printers,16
24748,5,Very good product,Printers,17
24749,1,Not good. Worst of money.,Printers,25
24750,5,thanks...,Printers,9
24751,1,excellent,Printers,9
24752,5,poor quality very slow,Printers,22
24753,1,good but ink cost is so much high otherwise prienter works efficient.,Printers,69
24754,3,We have to change the catridge after printing 20 pages.. so do not go for it..,Printers,78
24755,1,printer is very nice but print quality is low,Printers,45
24756,3,Very poor,Printers,9
24757,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24758,4,Plz.... Friends you didn't bye this product ink is not ther,Printers,59
24759,4,this is print not correct size,Printers,30
24760,1,Awesome product really awesome 😍 loved it,Printers,41
24761,5,Nice Printer,Printers,12
24762,3,price is good what products quality lower,Printers,41
24763,5,sir this product is not working 1month work ayindhi 1month after not Scanning,Printers,77
24764,3,Nice Product..,Printers,14
24765,5,print quality is good ..printing is slow,Printers,40
24766,5,THANKS FOR FILPKART FOR FAST DELIVERY.👏😉😊👌🤟. Another review for product is awsome.... and fantabulus keep it up.... 1 thing i want to say in catridge ink is very low and very expensive....,Printers,188
24767,3,nic produc,Printers,10
24768,5,wonderful product from Flipkart,Printers,31
24769,3,nice 😊,Printers,6
24770,3,Product was not so good as per the price. But packaging was good enough.,Printers,72
24771,4,super,Printers,5
24772,3,Best,Printers,4
24773,5,nice printer,Printers,12
24774,1,Good for this price but ink is much costly as the machine,Printers,57
24775,3,not bad,Printers,7
24776,4,Awesome Genuine product in Low budget.,Printers,38
24777,1,wast,Printers,4
24778,1,just ok,Printers,7
24779,5,Cartridge size is too small and specified number of prints not possible,Printers,71
24780,4,blank INK cartridges gone in 2 weeks. Nee to buy new one. -5 chose other option,Printers,79
24781,4,scanning and printing is very slow,Printers,34
24782,1,very nice,Printers,9
24783,1,Good job flipkart.....i purchased this in2299.... Best printer in this segment... Where u get scaner facility and direct printer after scan..... No pc is required for this function....go for it......,Printers,199
24784,5,excellent. all in one,Printers,21
24785,5,Very bad quality,Printers,16
24786,5,Problems and west of my mony,Printers,28
24787,4,good,Printers,4
24788,1,osm delivery time,Printers,17
24789,1,nice,Printers,4
24790,1,good product,Printers,12
24791,1,"Very poor quality, please dont purchase. . .",Printers,44
24792,3,very bad,Printers,8
24793,5,don't buy this,Printers,14
24794,5,one star also weast,Printers,19
24795,5,ink is low,Printers,10
24796,4,value pf money,Printers,14
24797,5,this product is really awsome,Printers,29
24798,4,it very useful for home use,Printers,27
24799,5,very nice...,Printers,12
24800,1,bessst product,Printers,14
24801,1,This is good,Printers,12
24802,1,amazing,Printers,7
24803,4,ink cosumption high.no body came till now for installation.,Printers,59
24804,5,dont buy this printer this is waste of moey...,Printers,46
24805,4,This item is very very wasteful product not refill in the cartage,Printers,65
24806,5,Not Bad if your budget is low go for it..,Printers,41
24807,3,This not support photo print on glossy papers in A4 Size Papers So Think Before You By,Printers,86
24808,3,nice.,Printers,5
24809,2,Good,Printers,4
24810,5,consumes very much ink... else it's good buy...,Printers,47
24811,3,Colour print quality good.. value for money..but printing cost is very high,Printers,75
24812,5,very bad quality.. I feel Cheated,Printers,33
24813,4,cannon,Printers,6
24814,4,nice products,Printers,13
24815,5,awesome printer,Printers,15
24816,5,Fine,Printers,4
24817,5,good,Printers,4
24818,1,Very good printer,Printers,17
24819,5,good work,Printers,9
24820,2,top 10,Printers,6
24821,1,Worst Product Vest of money,Printers,27
24822,5,Good,Printers,4
24823,1,good ink is cost,Printers,16
24824,2,worst product it was travel i damage,Printers,36
24825,5,NIC product,Printers,11
24826,5,after one month not working waste money,Printers,39
24827,3,I want to sell this product,Printers,27
24828,5,i am buy printer very good product and i am happy to buy printer,Printers,64
24829,1,Awesome printer,Printers,15
24830,4,good but while printing it makes to much noise.,Printers,47
24831,5,Nice,Printers,4
24832,5,Bad printer ever this cartage of Ink removes only 50 print only and it costs 1200 rupess. 50 prints for 1200/-,Printers,110
24833,5,excellent,Printers,9
24834,2,good,Printers,4
24835,5,customer satisfaction is delivered by Flipkart and the product is performing well as per its design. Service is too good by Flipkart...,Printers,135
24836,5,Nice,Printers,4
24837,5,bad item,Printers,8
24838,1,super,Printers,5
24839,5,BEST PRODUCT,Printers,12
24840,5,good machine but absorbs more Ink,Printers,33
24841,2,bad quality,Printers,11
24842,4,"if you are buying it for a trial purpose then its ok, otherwise just waste of money.",Printers,84
24843,5,nice prodect,Printers,12
24844,5,so bad,Printers,6
24845,5,good,Printers,4
24846,3,very good i am happy,Printers,20
24847,1,good,Printers,4
24848,5,nice printer,Printers,12
24849,1,good,Printers,4
24850,3,Not satisfied.will never deal with flipkart in future.wasted,Printers,60
24851,4,super printor,Printers,13
24852,5,no extra button like % small & big no opson,Printers,43
24853,5,good for simple printing,Printers,24
24854,5,thanks Flipkart worth for money super nice printer,Printers,50
24855,5,waw fantastic product... itna kaam daam me itna acha product...... thanks flipkart,Printers,82
24856,5,good printers,Printers,13
24857,5,nice,Printers,4
24858,3,nice product and print fast,Printers,27
24859,1,Best printer,Printers,12
24860,4,good,Printers,4
24861,2,It tooo Good!!!!!!,Printers,18
24862,3,pad,Printers,3
24863,4,good printer,Printers,12
24864,4,Not Bluetooth function so I am so sad,Printers,37
24865,4,there are some installation issues.....scanning issues and also paper gets stuck more often...but for Emergency purposes it's a very good deal at this price.,Printers,157
24866,4,amazing and chep,Printers,16
24867,1,ok,Printers,2
24868,1,nice but need some more prints,Printers,30
24869,5,product quality is fabulous but it's cartridge too costly.,Printers,58
24870,5,they are not giving refund they will replacing the product same,Printers,63
24871,4,could not able to print through smart phone via OTG Cabel,Printers,57
24872,5,Such a wonderful product we can't get this product in outside in this low cost thanks to filpkart,Printers,97
24873,1,JUST AWESOME,Printers,12
24874,4,It's a good printer... Really love it,Printers,37
24875,5,Very Nice,Printers,9
24876,1,printer is alright but maintenence is costly. You can xerox only around 100 copies.,Printers,83
24877,5,Super product,Printers,13
24878,5,good,Printers,4
24879,5,It's not good product because ink problem only 10 to 12 pages complicated 1 cartege,Printers,83
24880,4,good,Printers,4
24881,5,very good,Printers,9
24882,5,It is the best printer....❤,Printers,27
24883,4,good,Printers,4
24884,1,"Happy with this printer at this price range. Printing, scanning is absolutely fine.",Printers,83
24885,5,Very good quality in good price,Printers,31
24886,3,nice product for home use,Printers,25
24887,5,Waste of money,Printers,14
24888,2,wow its so awesome if best for school projects and all your regular needs,Printers,73
24889,5,Nice product,Printers,12
24890,4,It is quite good. satisfied,Printers,27
24891,4,good product,Printers,12
24892,4,nice printer,Printers,12
24893,3,Very Good Price point 2k,Printers,24
24894,4,excellent product for home use,Printers,30
24895,5,Very good,Printers,9
24896,4,still ok let's see in Future,Printers,28
24897,5,good,Printers,4
24898,5,Happy with the product.Thank you,Printers,32
24899,1,very good printers thanks,Printers,25
24900,5,best shopping of the yr,Printers,23
24901,1,good product,Printers,12
24902,2,oh god 1st exp is the last exp of cannon.......one month me hi printer damage in internal,Printers,89
24903,5,#home_purpose_very_good_product,Printers,31
24904,4,bad in printing ...and less service center,Printers,42
24905,1,this ink is costly and cannot print papers than 25,Printers,50
24906,1,V nice product 👌👌 thanku flipkart...,Printers,36
24907,5,Very nice .. I recommend this product,Printers,37
24908,3,Cartridge issue too much...😏,Printers,28
24909,3,Cartriged cost is more than printer,Printers,35
24910,5,maintainance cost is too high just think before buy,Printers,51
24911,5,printing problem,Printers,16
24912,5,Ok,Printers,2
24913,3,nice,Printers,4
24914,2,very good product,Printers,17
24915,5,awesome,Printers,7
24916,4,ok,Printers,2
24917,4,Just average,Printers,12
24918,4,nice product,Printers,12
24919,5,super,Printers,5
24920,5,ok,Printers,2
24921,4,its well low budget good,Printers,24
24922,5,Good product.,Printers,13
24923,1,good for casual printings,Printers,25
24924,5,nice product,Printers,12
24925,5,printer is problam,Printers,18
24926,4,nice but light weight,Printers,21
24927,1,Nice product Good quality,Printers,25
24928,4,Good condition,Printers,14
24929,1,Ink cartridge not refillable but we can alternatively refill it. Print quality is good and photo copy + scan + print all options are available. Bought @1899 only,Printers,161
24930,5,very bad product and bad experience,Printers,35
24931,1,nice product,Printers,12
24932,1,good,Printers,4
24933,3,nice,Printers,4
24934,5,idiot product..damaged after one month..,Printers,40
24935,5,ink cost is very high west product,Printers,34
24936,1,normal,Printers,6
24937,5,good,Printers,4
24938,5,nice product,Printers,12
24939,4,worst delivery by gati courier,Printers,30
24940,2,happy,Printers,5
24941,4,nice superb printer at this price,Printers,33
24942,2,worth for money,Printers,15
24943,5,not satisfied,Printers,13
24944,1,good product,Printers,12
24945,3,product damaged,Printers,15
24946,5,I lyk it,Printers,8
24947,5,Not Good,Printers,8
24948,5,ok,Printers,2
24949,4,Best and good service on time.,Printers,30
24950,5,naic,Printers,4
24951,5,very nice product.... loved it.......😄,Printers,38
24952,5,good,Printers,4
24953,1,spr,Printers,3
24954,5,canon rocks everytime,Printers,21
24955,3,"great product....for refill ink,youtube can help you.thanks to flipcart .",Printers,73
24956,5,worst thing I have ever bought.,Printers,31
24957,4,I bought it at just1999.rs. and work superbly.,Printers,46
24958,4,Good product,Printers,12
24959,5,very bad 🤗👹👹👹👺👺lose of money,Printers,28
24960,1,Its good product.,Printers,17
24961,2,Good Product.,Printers,13
24962,5,ok product,Printers,10
24963,4,very bad return policy,Printers,22
24964,5,very bad product.tonner only 20 pages printed.,Printers,46
24965,1,nice,Printers,4
24966,4,Good,Printers,4
24967,4,good product,Printers,12
24968,5,very low quality.,Printers,17
24969,4,Working good but cartridge are too small,Printers,40
24970,4,cartridge type...value for money..only for personal use..,Printers,57
24971,1,first class,Printers,11
24972,4,good,Printers,4
24973,4,Speedy delivery,Printers,15
24974,5,bad printing this paper ink is a,Printers,32
24975,5,good product,Printers,12
24976,5,worthy for such an amount,Printers,25
24977,1,Best product Easy to use Best printer,Printers,37
24978,5,Good product best for low scale uses,Printers,36
24979,2,Good,Printers,4
24980,1,worst printer...quality is tooo bad...courier also not good...,Printers,62
24981,4,This product is a home use,Printers,26
24982,5,very bad working o,Printers,18
24983,5,Super,Printers,5
24984,4,Using since a week... worth for money,Printers,37
24985,5,"Is was super, amazing, it can be also called three in one printer",Printers,65
24986,5,Worthy product got at great price,Printers,33
24987,5,Nice according to the price,Printers,27
24988,1,great value for money please drop price of ink,Printers,46
24989,1,nice,Printers,4
24990,1,Very nice,Printers,9
24991,4,"Ordered from Bangalore for my Sister in Rudrapur. Printer with Fake ink cartridges. We know thayDefault Ink cartridge which comes with New printer, contains less ink as compared to newly purchased ink cartridges. But in this case we got fake ones. Ink got over only after 15-20 page along with copy. Purchased new ink cartridges but now the printing quality is very poor. Scan function also gives very poor quality. Like you can't even accept a copy for free. Overall the printer is duplicate and ...",Printers,500
24992,2,waste of money cost per copy 3rs,Printers,32
24993,5,printer best but printing cost verry high,Printers,41
24994,5,working great .... thank u flipkart,Printers,35
24995,4,best of money,Printers,13
24996,1,good,Printers,4
24997,5,Thanks for flipkart,Printers,19
24998,1,good work & good pirce,Printers,22
24999,5,dont perches this item,Printers,22
25000,5,Nice Product,Printers,12
25001,4,nyc printer,Printers,11
25002,5,Worth Bying,Printers,11
25003,2,super,Printers,5
25004,4,good product but inkcartage so costly and 60page print,Printers,54
25005,1,excellent and very useful,Printers,25
25006,1,black ink no,Printers,12
25007,5,good product nice print,Printers,23
25008,1,Nt bad,Printers,6
25009,5,worst product,Printers,13
25010,4,Nice,Printers,4
25011,5,Very poor it cant work,Printers,22
25012,2,wow superb,Printers,10
25013,5,very good.. product reasonable price,Printers,36
25014,5,very nice,Printers,9
25015,5,Good,Printers,4
25016,5,Value for money. Good👍,Printers,22
25017,5,Nice product. safely delivered,Printers,30
25018,5,nice,Printers,4
25019,5,thnks to Flipkart representative . comtted and delivered at time. thks to Flipkart.... good product....,Printers,103
25020,4,worth for money,Printers,15
25021,4,good,Printers,4
25022,1,Thank you,Printers,9
25023,5,best budget printer,Printers,19
25024,5,"Ink box is very small....., print quality is very good, affordable price.... Lightweight, easy to carry...... Easy instructions....",Printers,131
25025,5,very expensive,Printers,14
25026,1,too good product nice quality,Printers,29
25027,5,it is good but I didn't get colours in it,Printers,41
25028,5,it is a very good printer. no problem has given after using of two years,Printers,72
25029,5,Waste product,Printers,13
25030,4,it's too good,Printers,13
25031,1,EXCELLENT WITH THIS PRICE TAG,Printers,29
25032,4,good product if you in must buy.,Printers,32
25033,5,good quality,Printers,12
25034,4,"It's print only two times, thats all. My experience it's only worsted item.",Printers,75
25035,4,Very nice product at this price,Printers,31
25036,5,profitable,Printers,10
25037,5,good product in this price,Printers,26
25038,5,Printer and Scanner are excellent but the price of Ink cartridge is almost equal to the price of printer,Printers,104
25039,1,super,Printers,5
25040,2,awesome product I can believe without any doubt,Printers,47
25041,5,super,Printers,5
25042,2,this piece is waste they r not come to fix this so......,Printers,56
25043,1,plz dont buy its a total waste of money,Printers,39
25044,4,superb smooth and best in class👌👍,Printers,33
25045,3,very bad,Printers,8
25046,5,"Very bad , very costly",Printers,22
25047,5,"its nice but of you not use regular ,its not for you and not so much use , only for home usage",Printers,94
25048,3,"nice but, it's white elephant.... cartridge is expensive",Printers,56
25049,5,super product 😊,Printers,15
25050,4,good product,Printers,12
25051,1,its fine,Printers,8
25052,5,Excellent product,Printers,17
25053,1,Not bad,Printers,7
25054,5,bad printer its damaged product send me,Printers,39
25055,4,nice product,Printers,12
25056,5,Very bad. I scanner is not work properly,Printers,40
25057,3,Very happy,Printers,10
25058,5,"Its value for money in 1999.Printing, copying and scanning is fast. Unable to configure with my android phone via usb. That's only one con otherwise no complaints.",Printers,163
25059,5,nice product within this range,Printers,30
25060,1,Printer is very good but printing costs is vary high,Printers,52
25061,5,excellent printer,Printers,17
25062,5,Good printer,Printers,12
25063,5,its worst product 000000 rating. don't buy this product,Printers,55
25064,4,It so fine and good product,Printers,27
25065,1,good,Printers,4
25066,5,buy 1900,Printers,8
25067,5,good quality.....,Printers,17
25068,5,Nice but delivery time is too long,Printers,34
25069,4,nice colour print,Printers,17
25070,5,Good product.,Printers,13
25071,3,awesome printer in budget..,Printers,27
25072,5,Overall a nice printer with a good price nice prints,Printers,52
25073,5,NYC product,Printers,11
25074,5,ink is very fast dry,Printers,20
25075,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25076,5,so good,Printers,7
25077,5,good printer,Printers,12
25078,5,superb printer....i like it....,Printers,31
25079,5,"THE PRODUCT IS OK, BUT CARTRIDGE IS COSTLY",Printers,42
25080,5,good picture quality and scanning system great,Printers,46
25081,5,better in this price,Printers,20
25082,2,Easy to setup.  Quality Printout.  Sufficient for Home Use.,Printers,59
25083,1,very goods conon mg2470,Printers,23
25084,3,good printer with multifunction (print/photocopy/scanner) in this cost,Printers,70
25085,5,faced cartridge problem after 6 months,Printers,38
25086,5,Only good,Printers,9
25087,1,"overall product is good , but flipkart had taken 8 days for delivery , which is too much",Printers,88
25088,4,awesome......,Printers,13
25089,5,Best Product,Printers,12
25090,5,bad,Printers,3
25091,5,good product,Printers,12
25092,1,products best but carriages coastly and carriages r not Available in anywhere,Printers,77
25093,4,Friends this printer is too good to buy,Printers,39
25094,1,Thanks flipkart for fast delivery.,Printers,34
25095,5,Failed Design. Need to change the cartridge frequently.,Printers,55
25096,3,It's too expensive,Printers,18
25097,1,very bad packing and damaged prouct ..not working clearly ..... plz any one avide order this itam,Printers,97
25098,1,waste,Printers,5
25099,3,ink price very high,Printers,19
25100,5,cartridges are very costly. otherwise wise printer is ok. And resolution of the scanner is not upto the mark.,Printers,109
25101,1,bad,Printers,3
25102,4,Product is but ink tank not good,Printers,32
25103,5,Very nice print,Printers,15
25104,3,not good,Printers,8
25105,3,Price is good printer also but printing speed is slow,Printers,53
25106,1,Nice product but ink to much expincive,Printers,38
25107,5,"small cartridge size after 20 b/w and 6,7 colour print again refill problem and printing quality bad day by day",Printers,111
25108,1,ok it's better,Printers,14
25109,5,waste product...plz don't purchase...just wasting of money,Printers,58
25110,2,good printing,Printers,13
25111,5,Scanner is not working from starting I am little busy so not able complain guy do not buy this waste of money,Printers,109
25112,5,Great deal,Printers,10
25113,5,waste of money nd time,Printers,22
25114,5,worth for money,Printers,15
25115,1,good,Printers,4
25116,3,1 paper cost 15 RS this printer is only use ful for scaning,Printers,59
25117,3,good,Printers,4
25118,5,Shoddy,Printers,6
25119,5,"printer is very good,but it becomes expensive when it comes to refill the cartridge....",Printers,87
25120,1,I am not satisfied with this make. Poor print.,Printers,46
25121,4,its awsm bt ink was very costly and in this printer i hv print just 20 page and the ink was nil. thats why its not good product,Printers,127
25122,5,V V GOOD,Printers,8
25123,1,very poor,Printers,9
25124,1,good,Printers,4
25125,1,ink cosumes fastly,Printers,18
25126,5,Poor quality,Printers,12
25127,1,very slow and too much ink consuming,Printers,36
25128,1,The problem in this printer because ink copy problem,Printers,52
25129,4,Great value for the price you paid.,Printers,35
25130,2,bad printer. expensive but not usable,Printers,37
25131,5,don't buy this box,Printers,18
25132,3,nys,Printers,3
25133,5,not so good,Printers,11
25134,2,super poroduct in home use///// ...thonk you flipkart...,Printers,56
25135,1,printer was but refill system was so bed very small refill are used not like epson printer,Printers,90
25136,4,super,Printers,5
25137,5,waste product,Printers,13
25138,4,verry bad,Printers,9
25139,5,super running,Printers,13
25140,5,Good product thks flipcart,Printers,26
25141,4,Very fine printing better than Epsom Try cartridge given with printer 1st,Printers,73
25142,3,NICE PRODUCT,Printers,12
25143,5,very good product,Printers,17
25144,1,Good product,Printers,12
25145,2,very gud,Printers,8
25146,5,super,Printers,5
25147,5,bad products,Printers,12
25148,4,costly ink,Printers,10
25149,5,very very bad,Printers,13
25150,4,Nice,Printers,4
25151,5,print quality is good and nice quality of the printer,Printers,53
25152,1,Average,Printers,7
25153,1,good quality,Printers,12
25154,5,ok,Printers,2
25155,4,Good,Printers,4
25156,3,"The colour printing cost is very high,20 rupees for a single page",Printers,65
25157,1,very good,Printers,9
25158,5,good,Printers,4
25159,1,very good better than hp and this printer cartridge is not very costly compared with hp cartridge,Printers,97
25160,5,the product is faulty and I donot have any words to express my anger on flipkart,Printers,80
25161,2,super excellent,Printers,15
25162,5,just gud,Printers,8
25163,1,GOOD PRODUCT,Printers,12
25164,1,"product is good but not delivered on scheduled time , yield of pages per cartridge is too low",Printers,93
25165,1,veey good product and easy to install,Printers,37
25166,1,verry bad experience only i have 23 pages printed but quartage is finished and so critical condition after i feel cartage cost equal to to printer i am socced,Printers,158
25167,4,Quality is very bed,Printers,19
25168,5,waste product,Printers,13
25169,2,not nice,Printers,8
25170,4,the product waa good but i have little bit of issue with packing.there was no packing from flipkart. there was only the canon packaging. All the stuffs were present but after using the printer for quite some time can only review about the performance,Printers,250
25171,3,very good printer..,Printers,19
25172,2,Not good Bad product,Printers,20
25173,1,Average quality  Poore photo print Average black print,Printers,54
25174,4,Nice product,Printers,12
25175,4,No manual leaflet received.black cartridge was dry. Hardly 10 pages were printed. Badly disappointed!,Printers,101
25176,5,very bad printer. cartige is done sooner.,Printers,41
25177,5,amezing Product,Printers,15
25178,5,Good at its price. Problem was with ink . too costly to buy cartridges,Printers,70
25179,4,product was super...but the cartridge very low capacity.. 2 days one time filled,Printers,80
25180,5,nice,Printers,4
25181,5,superb,Printers,6
25182,2,"The product is good n timely deliveryd... Is installation person will come to install it, or we have to do ourself...",Printers,117
25183,4,ink rate is too high,Printers,20
25184,5,good,Printers,4
25185,2,Inkjet problems,Printers,15
25186,4,"Good printer, does the job.",Printers,27
25187,5,super,Printers,5
25188,1,Not working properly even cartridge is very expansive,Printers,53
25189,5,Nice,Printers,4
25190,4,it too good☺🤔,Printers,13
25191,5,"Its not working after 2 months of usage.. Need to visit the service centre. As it is having a carry in warranty.. Such a waste of money. Should have buy something else. Experience with Canon, is too bad.",Printers,203
25192,4,pl send me invoice bill,Printers,23
25193,5,good nice,Printers,9
25194,1,super quality thanks Flipkart,Printers,29
25195,5,Good product in low prize,Printers,25
25196,5,Very bad,Printers,8
25197,1,very bad,Printers,8
25198,4,good one to purchase,Printers,20
25199,5,thank you,Printers,9
25200,1,Not good,Printers,8
25201,5,Price is good... The printer is also working fine... The only problem was the packaging... It was delivered without any outer covering or seal... The bare cannon printer box.. I was afraid to recieve it..,Printers,204
25202,5,waste product ink cartridges is too costly,Printers,42
25203,4,"Consumes ink a lot. Hardly 50 pages per catridge. I would have listened other reviews, now feeling regret",Printers,105
25204,5,"bad product , problem in some days after in printing",Printers,52
25205,5,Best for home use,Printers,17
25206,5,"product is very good at this price range. used for printing, photocopy, and scanning purpose also. very nice product at this price range. better than hp printers  but the problem is ink draining very fast..",Printers,206
25207,3,"printer printing quality is Good 👌👌Perfect Buy it its only 2,800",Printers,64
25208,5,very good,Printers,9
25209,5,"Good for the price paid and cartage gives around 150 prints , so not at all bad",Printers,79
25210,1,IT IS BEST PRINTER,Printers,18
25211,4,good in budget,Printers,14
25212,5,osm NYC product,Printers,15
25213,3,Bad product bcz this product's ink can not refill.,Printers,50
25214,1,software is just complicated ... rest is ok. nice print indeed...,Printers,65
25215,1,good,Printers,4
25216,5,its good,Printers,8
25217,5,bad,Printers,3
25218,5,best,Printers,4
25219,5,Nycc Printer,Printers,12
25220,2,Good srvish,Printers,11
25221,1,Very good,Printers,9
25222,2,Easy to use and to set,Printers,22
25223,1,too cost for catridge it is about 1500,Printers,38
25224,1,it's not works,Printers,14
25225,1,waste of canon printer,Printers,22
25226,1,No rifling catrige after use,Printers,28
25227,1,bad product,Printers,11
25228,2,Abdul rofique,Printers,13
25229,5,Very bad... Color cost is very high,Printers,35
25230,5,not good,Printers,8
25231,5,don't buy this.. scanner is not working..one catridge can take only 60-70 Xerox..and one catridge have more than 700 RS..think before buying this..you can take only 70 Xerox on a catridge..,Printers,189
25232,4,never buy this,Printers,14
25233,5,nice ....and thanks......,Printers,25
25234,5,Best printer,Printers,12
25235,5,good product,Printers,12
25236,3,good,Printers,4
25237,1,excellent printing worth the price,Printers,34
25238,5,excellent service and product,Printers,29
25239,1,Cartridge are costly,Printers,20
25240,5,not interesting,Printers,15
25241,1,awesome,Printers,7
25242,5,Dont purchase this printer,Printers,26
25243,5,Nice small rate worth,Printers,21
25244,5,bad experience,Printers,14
25245,5,VALUE FOR MONEY,Printers,15
25246,1,suparb & tq,Printers,11
25247,1,nice,Printers,4
25248,5,worth the price,Printers,15
25249,5,This prodact is not good it's very sound,Printers,40
25250,1,bad ink jet printer,Printers,19
25251,4,Good printer in low price,Printers,25
25252,4,nice printer,Printers,12
25253,1,Do not buy this maintenance is very high,Printers,40
25254,5,good for home printings,Printers,23
25255,5,very nice,Printers,9
25256,5,great printing but the cartridge was very bad because cartridge print only 30 print both black and colour both.,Printers,111
25257,5,I got it at 1999 rs only from flipkart surprisingly happy with it good cartridge capacity i love canon👍,Printers,103
25258,5,gud product in this budgey,Printers,26
25259,1,good product,Printers,12
25260,1,Amazing,Printers,7
25261,1,great price of this product,Printers,27
25262,5,good,Printers,4
25263,4,Pls do not buy this product It is totally waste of money.,Printers,57
25264,1,bad printer cartage coffee costly,Printers,33
25265,5,"Great printer, copier, scanner ... for the price!",Printers,49
25266,5,quality is good,Printers,15
25267,4,printer is nice but the bad thing about it is catridges. they cost more than printer and you can refill a few couple of times and then we should buy another catridge guys I would recommend. u to go with ink refill tank ones they are far better than this type of printers. if u are tight on budgets. then please wait some time and buy ink refill tank ones don't waste money like me,Printers,380
25268,1,very good,Printers,9
25269,5,good,Printers,4
25270,1,Nice for students .,Printers,19
25271,1,it's too bad this need maintain regularly & printing pages only 60 pages,Printers,72
25272,2,gd in product,Printers,13
25273,1,good,Printers,4
25274,2,cost of the ink More,Printers,20
25275,5,don't buy any electronics from flipkart. It is worst online shopping.,Printers,69
25276,5,worst product....,Printers,17
25277,1,Average 2.3/5,Printers,13
25278,2,worth of money,Printers,14
25279,4,Good product.,Printers,13
25280,5,Don't buy this,Printers,14
25281,5,unable to print,Printers,15
25282,3,Nice product,Printers,12
25283,4,best printer for color and black both.,Printers,38
25284,5,"Great picture quality i didn't expect more from 3k printer. Printing speed is okay, Didn't tell about how much page it prints from one cartridge. Rating is 4/5.",Printers,160
25285,5,it's a good but Mi 4 Mobile with not connected,Printers,46
25286,3,Nice,Printers,4
25287,1,Excellent printer,Printers,17
25288,3,good,Printers,4
25289,5,"Nice Quality, easy to install and handle but, the twist come when you start printing from it. Cost per page is very high around 6-7 rupees for single B&W page!  One can easily take print out from market with very less cost compared to it.  It is used only for scanning purpose my me now.",Printers,287
25290,3,Not worthy performance is too poor.,Printers,35
25291,5,Very good,Printers,9
25292,4,good,Printers,4
25293,3,very fast ink end wast of mony,Printers,30
25294,3,good,Printers,4
25295,5,"super quality,",Printers,14
25296,5,it is good for personal use.,Printers,28
25297,2,good products thank you,Printers,23
25298,5,where is my CD Manuel and driver,Printers,32
25299,3,What a product... Just speechless.. Long live Flipkart for giving this product in such a price...,Printers,97
25300,4,worst product,Printers,13
25301,4,nice product and nice using 2 day in my favourite,Printers,49
25302,4,Ink problm,Printers,10
25303,5,Superb... Its my White Elephant. And thanks to the dealer.,Printers,58
25304,1,the product is very good no doubt.,Printers,34
25305,5,superr,Printers,6
25306,5,very good printer superb,Printers,24
25307,5,"this printer can print only 1000 paper in all life, you can't used for commercial or any printining busesness perpous. this printer automatically stop working when the print of nomber are allmost complicated, and showing a massage on your computer screen ""b500 error"". then your printer has totaly stop working and you can't reset in youself, so this use only fuew printing perpous, not busesness perpous. mind it.",Printers,414
25308,5,nice product,Printers,12
25309,5,Awesome product well packing and good delivery stylish product Good for Home use super product,Printers,94
25310,3,best product .... love this,Printers,27
25311,1,this printer is very nice and its print is also good,Printers,52
25312,1,Very good product 5 star,Printers,24
25313,2,ok not bad in 1999,Printers,18
25314,5,"totaly a foolish item to use ,its cartialage may cost you the double the price of cartilage of hp  bad for normaal use , works well for few weeks and problem starts",Printers,164
25315,4,cottage price very high and no of print few.,Printers,44
25316,1,but ink bottles are fastly overing,Printers,34
25317,3,good,Printers,4
25318,4,Good policy,Printers,11
25319,5,worst thing I have ever purchased,Printers,33
25320,5,ink finish suddenly.,Printers,20
25321,5,Ok,Printers,2
25322,1,were nice product,Printers,17
25323,5,good printar,Printers,12
25324,5,For home based works it is good... For pprofessional use it is not recommended,Printers,78
25325,5,this printer cartridge is not refiling inform by canon exutive or canon customer service ce6,Printers,92
25326,4,Good product,Printers,12
25327,4,Excellent,Printers,9
25328,1,nice,Printers,4
25329,1,printer was good but Maine problem is ink it's very costly,Printers,58
25330,4,Very good ಈ am using it since from 2015 Nov still its going on. I bought it at 1999,Printers,83
25331,5,very poor performance of this product..😤😤,Printers,41
25332,1,Worst product plz plz plz don't buy this,Printers,40
25333,5,That's a good printer.... Thanks Flipkart.....,Printers,46
25334,5,Osam good material.. Easy to install,Printers,36
25335,1,Please do not bye this,Printers,22
25336,5,Nice ok,Printers,7
25337,5,mindblowing,Printers,11
25338,1,It is not working properly,Printers,26
25339,4,worth product..,Printers,15
25340,2,good job,Printers,8
25341,2,A very poor quality product .please do not buy .after 1 month uses damaged both color cauterize .,Printers,97
25342,5,Nice products,Printers,13
25343,5,"Not working properly, only waste of money",Printers,41
25344,1,the product is very good but delivery of heavy product is very slow,Printers,67
25345,5,super deal with ₹ 1999 offer apply,Printers,34
25346,5,excellent product. I like it.,Printers,29
25347,5,"catridge drians at it's best . bought it due to low pricing , but actual cost is covered in cartridge . don't opt for this product ppl",Printers,134
25348,5,Steel deal. Really Nice. Very useful to my kids project and day to day needs.,Printers,77
25349,4,working fine till now.,Printers,22
25350,4,very good product,Printers,17
25351,3,super product it was so good thanks flipcart,Printers,44
25352,1,Cheap cost of printer but ink cost is high,Printers,42
25353,5,ink cartridge cost more but u can use it by injecting ing to it,Printers,63
25354,5,This product is designed the best but not carrying to mentinance cast,Printers,69
25355,5,it consumes in very fastly..and cartage cost is very high...too worst printer,Printers,77
25356,5,Thanks you for ekard,Printers,20
25357,2,nice,Printers,4
25358,3,awesome printer,Printers,15
25359,3,Good product,Printers,12
25360,4,Not good I am not happy very bad prodac,Printers,39
25361,3,ink is very less . only get 30 sheet maximum.catridge is costly.,Printers,64
25362,2,printer is not printing,Printers,23
25363,5,nycc product,Printers,12
25364,5,product is good,Printers,15
25365,5,poor Quality,Printers,12
25366,4,ok good print out,Printers,17
25367,5,good,Printers,4
25368,4,good,Printers,4
25369,1,ink low indicate in 20-25 copy,Printers,30
25370,5,Good,Printers,4
25371,3,nice product,Printers,12
25372,1,very very bad product change board within two months,Printers,52
25373,4,Good product@ affordable price,Printers,30
25374,4,Best of price... Gud quality and print out is ok.,Printers,49
25375,1,Useless printer. Broke down only after 3 prints. Connecting it with a pc is a tiresome task. Keeps showing error. Totally disappointed.,Printers,135
25376,5,overall good all in one in low price,Printers,36
25377,3,Good product...working fine... but some difficulty to work insoftware,Printers,69
25378,4,expensive cartridge,Printers,19
25379,1,awesome cheap nd useful,Printers,23
25380,5,nice,Printers,4
25381,1,Ink cartridge is very small I purchased it on 11/5/18 and in day 14 /5/18 the Black ink is 45 %,Printers,95
25382,5,bad items,Printers,9
25383,4,It is a very good product in a low price . Thanks flipkart,Printers,58
25384,1,waste of money very bad item don't buy,Printers,38
25385,5,good product,Printers,12
25386,1,Very Nice product. All the functions are working perfectly.,Printers,59
25387,4,very bad,Printers,8
25388,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
25389,4,not good,Printers,8
25390,4,good,Printers,4
25391,5,Still using superb product and delivery,Printers,39
25392,3,good product for short time work,Printers,32
25393,5,Provide all type glossy paper worked with it☺,Printers,45
25394,1,print problem,Printers,13
25395,5,good,Printers,4
25396,4,Hello! guys I am avinash and I am canon user also it's a very nice product in cheap rate and it is very easy to use...,Printers,118
25397,3,not working,Printers,11
25398,4,Nice,Printers,4
25399,5,great experience ..I like it,Printers,28
25400,4,happy,Printers,5
25401,4,Good,Printers,4
25402,3,good,Printers,4
25403,5,user friendly,Printers,13
25404,3,"awesome printer print, scan , copy facility",Printers,43
25405,5,PRINT QWALITY BAD,Printers,17
25406,1,Good printer for all format use.,Printers,32
25407,2,"Nice Product but to refill catridge is not easy, n not good to scan photos",Printers,74
25408,4,thnkuuu,Printers,7
25409,5,Bad product never buy from flip cart,Printers,36
25410,5,I hardly get 15 prints and already cartridge is empty. which costs combined approximately Rs 1200/-  so assume what us the cost per print?,Printers,138
25411,5,"Except ink price, good product. Worth for the mony paid.",Printers,56
25412,1,Good,Printers,4
25413,1,I got the product before time :-),Printers,33
25414,5,Nice one,Printers,8
25415,1,not good not buy anyone,Printers,23
25416,5,Very very bad printer .it is waste of Money .So Friend don't buy this printer only I printed 3 or 4 pages than its showing ink is empty. But I tried to fill the ink but it was not success .I through the money in dustwin to buy such type of printer.,Printers,248
25417,1,nice printer,Printers,12
25418,1,Printer is nice but it ink was small it contain less lnk,Printers,56
25419,5,I want to say just one thing In this price 2499Rs it's a good choice,Printers,68
25420,3,most unused product. because it gives print only 50 copy & show empty ink,Printers,73
25421,5,scanning printing cartage high,Printers,30
25422,5,Not beautiful,Printers,13
25423,1,"Very less print out I got, so need to increase the cartridge size.",Printers,66
25424,3,Good for all work,Printers,17
25425,1,Super cheap and best,Printers,20
25426,5,Super,Printers,5
25427,1,"It's good like White Elegant, cartridge is too costly.",Printers,54
25428,4,Cheep quality waisted of my money,Printers,33
25429,3,Product is good and value for money,Printers,35
25430,5,Very good quality for Xerox.but some problem to print,Printers,53
25431,5,best in this price,Printers,18
25432,5,Its ink finished in 20-22 days,Printers,30
25433,5,good product i very happy by this product thanks canon,Printers,54
25434,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25435,4,Good,Printers,4
25436,2,product quality is excellent,Printers,28
25437,5,"excellent 1st 100 copys, then I have puted colors in cartilage by making whole and its working 100 copy's for 50 RS including papers and colors.   good buy. paisa wasul.",Printers,169
25438,5,nice produced,Printers,13
25439,5,Very bad products,Printers,17
25440,4,value for money,Printers,15
25441,1,Excellent,Printers,9
25442,4,Good product I like it,Printers,22
25443,5,Nice and Very good product,Printers,26
25444,5,ink going very fast,Printers,19
25445,5,I am happy,Printers,10
25446,5,Good quality product,Printers,20
25447,3,gd item,Printers,7
25448,1,Its good product,Printers,16
25449,5,Good,Printers,4
25450,3,Good product,Printers,12
25451,3,Very bad product,Printers,16
25452,1,Perfect but q loss of more cartridge,Printers,36
25453,5,Looking wise so good,Printers,20
25454,5,High ink consumption,Printers,20
25455,5,"Very bad product, 2cartridge will cost u equal to ur printer prise. Flipkart stop selling such worst products.",Printers,110
25456,5,Nice product..very good and fast service b6 flipkart.,Printers,53
25457,3,west item west flipcord damage,Printers,30
25458,4,Good printer,Printers,12
25459,5,Excellent product. Love using it.,Printers,33
25460,5,Product is value for money. Just that fill cartage self other wise will be caustly.,Printers,83
25461,1,Nice product in this price,Printers,26
25462,3,Good product...  And nice working condition,Printers,43
25463,5,Good,Printers,4
25464,1,Band printer,Printers,12
25465,1,It's ok,Printers,7
25466,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25467,5,Not good,Printers,8
25468,5,Excellent Printer and Excellent Service by the Flipkart and ekart.Thanks a lot,Printers,78
25469,4,Got two days before. Performance is gud. I got amazed when I get known about this one can take photo copy also. This is great.,Printers,126
25470,5,price worthy product... Good product to use,Printers,43
25471,2,"Product ok, And price better",Printers,28
25472,1,Good product,Printers,12
25473,5,This is very good,Printers,17
25474,5,The ink consumption is too high. Buy only if you need printouts once in a while,Printers,79
25475,4,Its ink costs more... not good for ofc purpose..,Printers,48
25476,5,Nice for home use,Printers,17
25477,5,Good product,Printers,12
25478,5,Very nice product.Worth the price..,Printers,35
25479,3,awesome,Printers,7
25480,4,Very good,Printers,9
25481,4,invoice sand,Printers,12
25482,5,Cheef and best,Printers,14
25483,1,Delivering the product is very slow.. But offers and Price's quality is very good.,Printers,82
25484,5,Very good product love it,Printers,25
25485,5,Very good product,Printers,17
25486,4,V bad product,Printers,13
25487,5,Very nice thankes to filipkart,Printers,30
25488,1,Awesome product,Printers,15
25489,2,"Nice working and best Price in Printer canon Ilike him.good working machine ,scaneing ,copy,print all in one machine",Printers,116
25490,5,Its a good product and printing quality of printer is excellent and flipkart service is also good,Printers,97
25491,5,To bad,Printers,6
25492,1,Super,Printers,5
25493,1,Very good,Printers,9
25494,5,At low price the product is very good,Printers,37
25495,1,Ok,Printers,2
25496,1,Product was not good please replace or refund a money not proper working late working very poor,Printers,95
25497,4,Superrrr.....,Printers,13
25498,1,Very bad.... After refilling its not working.....,Printers,49
25499,1,Waste of money,Printers,14
25500,5,Wao This Is a Best Product For At a Low Price.Thank You Flipkart.,Printers,65
25501,5,Worest printer  Why because in this printer not possible to refilling catariges,Printers,79
25502,4,Canon service bad Don't buy,Printers,27
25503,5,It a good product At this price range . So i strongly recommend you to this printer,Printers,83
25504,5,thanks flipkart,Printers,15
25505,5,Not bad,Printers,7
25506,5,Thanks again best product,Printers,25
25507,5,All best product,Printers,16
25508,4,"only this product is good otherwise my another product like micro headphone,Bluetooth headphone , and speaker there all product so bad and i wish that my another product not bad when i receive it .",Printers,197
25509,5,good item,Printers,9
25510,1,Good,Printers,4
25511,5,Consumes more ink compared to other printers.. Printing quality is awesome.,Printers,75
25512,5,very good,Printers,9
25513,1,Bad,Printers,3
25514,2,Your facility is condam,Printers,23
25515,1,Good product but cartridge expansive,Printers,36
25516,1,Very poor quality.cartdge was found empty.,Printers,42
25517,5,I am not satisfied this product,Printers,31
25518,5,Worst order in my life it works very badly World I sealed it,Printers,60
25519,3,Such a useless product,Printers,22
25520,4,Super,Printers,5
25521,2,Can go with it for budget But if no budget issue then take laser printer which brand i don't know find it through your contacts,Printers,127
25522,5,Beast,Printers,5
25523,1,"Machine is perfect but defect with inkjet catridges,very low amount of ink given that model",Printers,91
25524,2,Please don't order this from Flipkart.. One of the waste product,Printers,64
25525,5,It is too good printer but price of per cartridge is around 800 too costly,Printers,74
25526,2,Weaste of money,Printers,15
25527,5,Don't buy it Wast product money wasted,Printers,38
25528,5,Good quality,Printers,12
25529,3,Product good but ... cartiz are run only 1-2 month...,Printers,53
25530,1,Good,Printers,4
25531,5,Nice product.,Printers,13
25532,5,Product is good,Printers,15
25533,5,Not bad,Printers,7
25534,1,Very good product,Printers,17
25535,1,Gooooooood Experience,Printers,21
25536,1,Good Product,Printers,12
25537,5,It is not good product for ink. It's product only give us 15 page in one cartridge.,Printers,83
25538,5,"Weast of money , total full problemal product",Printers,45
25539,1,Ink is very costly.. once the ink is finished you have to pay around 2500 for both black and colour.,Printers,100
25540,1,very good podect,Printers,16
25541,1,Nice product,Printers,12
25542,5,Ink is finish fast Paper stucks slow printing strongly suggest don't buy after 6 months you will think why I buy this product where ink cartridge can't be refill you to buy cartridge price 1600 for both so think I suggest invest in tank Printer one time investment,Printers,264
25543,5,Waste why because when I kept 5 days without using the ink bottle has stop working and it coming shad paper don't buy plz,Printers,121
25544,4,Very poor product never buy,Printers,27
25545,1,Good,Printers,4
25546,4,"Good printer ,good price",Printers,24
25547,3,Good product. Life of cartridge is not much. Will only get 60 pages,Printers,67
25548,3,"Complete wastage of money, In just 21 pages with minimal, below average setting with ink toner saver all the black ink is vanished. At purchasing the ink refill is costs more than actual printer cost. Dumped this printer in just 3 weeks and purchased the new one from HP.",Printers,271
25549,3,Well all are good. But printing cost too high,Printers,45
25550,4,It has very less ink,Printers,20
25551,5,It's ok..,Printers,9
25552,3,In this price this is average,Printers,29
25553,1,Nice,Printers,4
25554,1,Awesome,Printers,7
25555,4,Donal is very less copy more than only 100 paper printer only,Printers,61
25556,3,Worst product,Printers,13
25557,5,Printing cost too high,Printers,22
25558,4,"Very nice printer with this price, print quality is very good. But some times the roller is dragging multiple papers instead of one.",Printers,132
25559,4,Fine but costly carriage,Printers,24
25560,5,Nice printer,Printers,12
25561,4,Overall the printer is good...But the cartridge price is equal to the printer cost ...If you buy cartridge twice....,Printers,116
25562,5,Working fine,Printers,12
25563,4,Very good delivery and good condition satisfied with the product,Printers,64
25564,1,"Good,but not that responsive..",Printers,30
25565,5,Good product,Printers,12
25566,4,nice product,Printers,12
25567,5,Just printer but not used,Printers,25
25568,3,Pathetic service by Flipkart... They only good within Bangalore,Printers,63
25569,5,Best quality in this rupees.,Printers,28
25570,3,Really it is a very nice product.It values for the money.,Printers,57
25571,5,Item ok but warrenty card not available on this item,Printers,52
25572,5,Just awesome All in one Very efficient,Printers,38
25573,5,"Roughly,, not very good bcz catriged not so good..ink price very high..",Printers,71
25574,5,Ink is too costly,Printers,17
25575,2,Good,Printers,4
25576,5,Good,Printers,4
25577,1,Really useful and working good!,Printers,31
25578,5,Ink Catridge exhaust very fast and ink catridge price very very high.,Printers,69
25579,1,SUPERB...,Printers,9
25580,3,Cartridge black noy working,Printers,27
25581,5,Not bad,Printers,7
25582,4,Bad product onlyv20 pages printed and after this it is only a empty box,Printers,71
25583,5,Better but colur ink quality is not so good,Printers,43
25584,2,Good,Printers,4
25585,4,This products is good.,Printers,22
25586,3,Good product. You can attach your phone with this printer by otg.and use #star print app. Ink consumption is too much. But try to connect a ciss.,Printers,145
25587,4,Very nice but working condition is bad,Printers,38
25588,4,Easy maintainence,Printers,17
25589,5,Good,Printers,4
25590,1,Very goog,Printers,9
25591,4,PRINT QUALITY GOOD and link usage big,Printers,37
25592,3,Awsm,Printers,4
25593,4,Very bad,Printers,8
25594,4,Best for students use👍,Printers,22
25595,1,It's good in this price,Printers,23
25596,5,I bought get it today and it's working fine. So let's see what will happen in upcoming days.,Printers,92
25597,5,It is a bad prpduct,Printers,19
25598,5,verry bed printer,Printers,17
25599,1,Very good product,Printers,17
25600,5,Good,Printers,4
25601,1,Good,Printers,4
25602,4,Poorest product and. Much worse service,Printers,39
25603,1,veri nice,Printers,9
25604,5,Cartridge prblm only 30 prints on one time fill,Printers,47
25605,4,Cheap and best,Printers,14
25606,1,"Worst product, don't buy dis.was alright for 3 months den stopped working",Printers,73
25607,5,Asom simply,Printers,11
25608,1,Good,Printers,4
25609,5,it is not working,Printers,17
25610,4,Value For Money Product.... And delivered also quick Great Experience with this purchase,Printers,88
25611,4,very bad,Printers,8
25612,3,Good product for personal use,Printers,29
25613,1,Bast value of money,Printers,19
25614,5,It's a good product in this price range,Printers,39
25615,5,Not so good the ink which they given was not good,Printers,49
25616,2,Bad product....,Printers,15
25617,4,Printing colour is just excellent,Printers,33
25618,5,Very nice product.. cost effective,Printers,34
25619,5,not suitable for business purpose. it will not print complete document,Printers,70
25620,5,Best in price 2700 good,Printers,23
25621,5,Zenuine product,Printers,15
25622,5,Nice printer!!,Printers,14
25623,5,"Good. Its useful students, and official users printing with mobile and desktop.",Printers,79
25624,1,Very nice product,Printers,17
25625,5,Nice Bt Color Print Is too Slow... Bt It Was A vERY nICE pRINTER...,Printers,67
25626,2,Super,Printers,5
25627,1,Cartirag damaged in 4 months,Printers,28
25628,4,It's so nicr,Printers,12
25629,1,Unable to find ink funda ink gets empty as soon we fill it so no point using it,Printers,79
25630,5,Good,Printers,4
25631,5,Good product,Printers,12
25632,4,There is no work,Printers,16
25633,1,Excellent print quality both color and B/W.,Printers,43
25634,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25635,3,Super...,Printers,8
25636,3,Printing super quality but 120 paper ing close homely purpose ok,Printers,64
25637,1,Awesome... I printed a book within the first 15 mins after delivery... Printing is fast... Good quality... Really worth more than ₹2300/-,Printers,137
25638,5,Ink problem,Printers,11
25639,1,Not that good,Printers,13
25640,1,Not working properly,Printers,20
25641,5,Very nice,Printers,9
25642,5,Not happy,Printers,9
25643,1,Worst product,Printers,13
25644,3,Its best for my home use but the cartrage is too much short which will shortout after 10-15 days usage. Suggestion: plz built this cartrage size,Printers,144
25645,4,This product is bad because is ink is finish sort time,Printers,54
25646,5,Worst product and company Too much costly to maintain You get printer in 2k And cartrage cast 2k you can not refil you have to purchase new. They dont support tank to Arround rs. 15 per color print and rs 7 per black print go for Epson tank printer,Printers,248
25647,5,Good work,Printers,9
25648,2,Very nice and fastly working,Printers,28
25649,5,Very good,Printers,9
25650,5,It is good product and very less price,Printers,38
25651,3,Good,Printers,4
25652,5,Quality of print is good,Printers,24
25653,5,Very good,Printers,9
25654,4,Nice but ink cost is too high dont do this mistake to purchase it,Printers,65
25655,2,Fantastic good product,Printers,22
25656,1,Niceee,Printers,6
25657,3,Good product,Printers,12
25658,4,Poor quality of printing. Not upto the mark.,Printers,44
25659,5,Not working properly. Printer not taking paper properly,Printers,55
25660,5,I have used it thrice only. It seems to be quite good.,Printers,54
25661,5,good printing  wish cartridge lasted more after refilling,Printers,57
25662,5,Very good condition,Printers,19
25663,5,Good nice,Printers,9
25664,2,Bad product,Printers,11
25665,1,Good,Printers,4
25666,1,Super,Printers,5
25667,1,good but not so excellent,Printers,25
25668,1,Pathatic... Very bad.just horrible. Don't buy it..,Printers,50
25669,5,Veryy poor coleto dont by Canon printer only Only 10.prient byy offf printer Dont byyyyyyyy,Printers,91
25670,4,"Horrible Cartridge life.It just finishes in 40-45 pages,  Please don't waste your money.",Printers,88
25671,5,This ink use for only 50 paper.....and don't buy this product,Printers,61
25672,1,"It prints ,scans & copies well. & also it is light & less space occupied . It is perfect for a novish.",Printers,102
25673,1,Nice product with price.,Printers,24
25674,5,Easy to use and easy installation,Printers,33
25675,5,Bad,Printers,3
25676,3,Not good,Printers,8
25677,5,Cartage problem,Printers,15
25678,2,Good,Printers,4
25679,5,"A very good printing quality at affordable price. I purchased this printer 45 days ago in 2300 INR, no issues at all. Though it's original ink cartridge is costly but we have many other alternatives.",Printers,199
25680,4,Very nice purchase.... Vivid quality... Thumbs up...,Printers,52
25681,5,Good product,Printers,12
25682,5,good,Printers,4
25683,3,Good product,Printers,12
25684,5,Very nice printer,Printers,17
25685,4,Working nicely,Printers,14
25686,1,Good but print is not like hp,Printers,29
25687,5,Supper working machine,Printers,22
25688,5,"this printer is good for personal use ,the print quality is better good for if you print sometime",Printers,97
25689,5,At very first day it was awesome but after 2 days it's shows ink to refill and scanning takes more than 5 minutes for a single paper scan. Average product... Product is cheap but the use of the product and purchasing cartridge is expensive. Fraud seller.,Printers,254
25690,5,Profit is no good,Printers,17
25691,5,"Exlant Qality printing ,but cartridge fost using.. The best lowest price printer .",Printers,82
25692,3,Poor,Printers,4
25693,5,Good,Printers,4
25694,5,Likes,Printers,5
25695,4,Good one but refill of this cartage is so much costly so buy only for personal. Negative points only coz for refill cost,Printers,120
25696,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25697,1,Goog quality printing,Printers,21
25698,5,"Nice product 👌 all the function are very good 👌 scanning, printing and xerox",Printers,76
25699,4,highly pleased,Printers,14
25700,4,Very fast ink emptyed,Printers,21
25701,5,Ok,Printers,2
25702,1,Good product.,Printers,13
25703,5,Nice,Printers,4
25704,4,Thats good,Printers,10
25705,5,Don't like this product.,Printers,24
25706,4,Good,Printers,4
25707,2,Good but cartridge is expensive,Printers,31
25708,5,Good,Printers,4
25709,4,Nice product..thnku flipkart,Printers,28
25710,5,Printer is good but cartridge is very expensive.,Printers,48
25711,5,Nice product for my project,Printers,27
25712,3,Nice product,Printers,12
25713,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25714,1,Very bad,Printers,8
25715,2,Bad praduct,Printers,11
25716,4,Super qwality,Printers,13
25717,2,Plzz dont buy Any Canon printer its ink cost is very high i hve brought ink cartridge for 500 bt it cant even print 50 pages rather than we can print it from shop it cost only 2 rs for 1 print if this cartridge can print 50 pages in 500 then 1 print is for 10 rs which is very costly nd we can print only 25/30 pages in colour print which cost 15 rs per print which is too costly nd this printer make lots of noise nd printing is very slow plzz i req u dont buy it,Printers,464
25718,3,I have an issue with this printer,Printers,33
25719,5,Good,Printers,4
25720,4,Very high ink consumption. In one black cartridge only 50 prints are printed,Printers,76
25721,5,It is little bit slow but over all performance is good. it is not pocket friendly as very less number of page printing capacity per catriage,Printers,140
25722,3,Just provide demo for printers,Printers,30
25723,1,"I bought this only just 2299/-, it's quite slow but good for educational purposes at home for minute use...",Printers,107
25724,3,Best for domestic purposes...,Printers,29
25725,1,Good,Printers,4
25726,5,Ni good product,Printers,15
25727,5,Fantastic,Printers,9
25728,5,Very poor,Printers,9
25729,4,Very efficient,Printers,14
25730,5,Good product,Printers,12
25731,1,Nice product on low price,Printers,25
25732,5,not bad!,Printers,8
25733,1,Nice,Printers,4
25734,5,Vest product,Printers,12
25735,5,good delevary,Printers,13
25736,5,Printer is not Print The Propely Printed The Paper side Edges are black in Colour,Printers,81
25737,5,If u know basics then it's very easy maintenance. I will give 5start because of its very less price with very satisfactory work!! I'm living it,Printers,143
25738,2,Excellent printer,Printers,17
25739,5,Love it,Printers,7
25740,3,Best in this range,Printers,18
25741,3,Very bad,Printers,8
25742,5,Guys do buy this product.. it's really working awesome,Printers,54
25743,4,Not good but not bad,Printers,20
25744,1,Printer is good but ink cost pretty high.,Printers,41
25745,1,This is very nise machine I like it,Printers,35
25746,4,It was working well but slow,Printers,28
25747,1,NOT GOOD WORST MONEY...PLEASE DON'T BUY ANYONE,Printers,46
25748,5,not good the product is like giant they link are so expensive don't buy espon is perfet,Printers,87
25749,5,"Printer is cheap for home use, but doesnt print many colour pages, colour cartridge gets over with 25-30prints and max 50 pages of black printouts. Cost of cartridges are equal to the printer itself. Buy it only if you have limited usage of printing, otherwise not worth.",Printers,271
25750,5,actually one star is only by mistake it is not a printer it is only a box like printer its cartrige is very costly 1 page cost is 6 rs. so please dont buy this printer and never suggest is any other person,Printers,205
25751,5,Good printer in this price,Printers,26
25752,5,Worth it! Go for it,Printers,19
25753,3,Fast delivery n good product!!,Printers,30
25754,5,The product is good in budget and prin clear and also working scanner is good,Printers,77
25755,3,Nice printing,Printers,13
25756,1,"difficult to refill, within 50 pages ink get over, after refiling, sign of refilling is not disabled on printer.",Printers,112
25757,3,Awesome . But have some fear about the availability of cartridges .,Printers,67
25758,5,It consumes much inks,Printers,21
25759,2,Not bad..good quality,Printers,21
25760,4,Nice,Printers,4
25761,5,Thanks,Printers,6
25762,3,BLACK INK TOTAL WASTE WORK . ???????????????,Printers,44
25763,1,Good,Printers,4
25764,4,Very nice product,Printers,17
25765,1,It is good but slow process,Printers,27
25766,5,Worst seller poor quality,Printers,25
25767,5,Nice products.,Printers,14
25768,5,It's not good for use.,Printers,22
25769,4,Good product,Printers,12
25770,4,It is a good product,Printers,20
25771,4,Great things at this price but need ink after 20 color prints,Printers,61
25772,5,very good....,Printers,13
25773,5,Good product,Printers,12
25774,1,Instruction manual was not given,Printers,32
25775,4,Good work,Printers,9
25776,4,Yet it's working very good .,Printers,28
25777,5,Very bad experience total west many,Printers,35
25778,3,Awesome product  Thank you flipkart,Printers,35
25779,5,Good product with afortable price,Printers,33
25780,5,Good product,Printers,12
25781,3,Good,Printers,4
25782,1,Nice product,Printers,12
25783,4,Very low quality & third class product,Printers,38
25784,5,Great,Printers,5
25785,5,Third class printer,Printers,19
25786,5,Nice work,Printers,9
25787,5,Super,Printers,5
25788,1,A 1 vir God,Printers,11
25789,4,Thanks,Printers,6
25790,4,Value for money,Printers,15
25791,5,Speed is bed n make some noise when it's start,Printers,46
25792,5,Black ink was finished in 20 pages. I got ink with this printer..?? Makes lot's of noise..,Printers,90
25793,5,Its a nyc product in good price..... But printing is very slow.....,Printers,67
25794,5,Good satisfaction,Printers,17
25795,5,Product is very good products,Printers,29
25796,5,Nice.....,Printers,9
25797,5,Nice... Product,Printers,15
25798,4,Very nic printer ..... Thank you flifkart,Printers,41
25799,3,Superb for office and shop,Printers,26
25800,1,Good working...Nice experience with Cannon and delivery was prompt,Printers,66
25801,4,Very veryyy nice super extraordinary,Printers,36
25802,4,Good,Printers,4
25803,5,Ink runs out after printing out 10 to 20 papers.. now printer also having issue,Printers,79
25804,4,Amazing Product at low price.....,Printers,33
25805,5,Good,Printers,4
25806,5,good product at this price,Printers,26
25807,5,Very nice podect,Printers,16
25808,5,Nic,Printers,3
25809,5,Did not expect something like it at 2000rs. Works satisfactorily. You can't expect much at this price. It gets my job done.,Printers,123
25810,4,This time flipkart delivery was pathetic.It took 13 days for delivery..But this product is very good..If u r looking for budget printer then go for it.Perfect for domestic use.,Printers,176
25811,5,Good,Printers,4
25812,5,Top top top top top,Printers,19
25813,4,Its is a good product for home use. But ink consumption is high otherwise it's is a nice printer,Printers,96
25814,5,Good product,Printers,12
25815,5,"Bad pinter ,printer is slow,pint quality is very poor...",Printers,56
25816,1,Very nice colour prints.. Must buy for homeusage...,Printers,51
25817,5,Nice,Printers,4
25818,5,Very Very nice,Printers,14
25819,1,Cartridge is very expensive.. not worth burying...,Printers,50
25820,3,Awesome home product,Printers,20
25821,4,Thanks,Printers,6
25822,5,Waste experience of printing. Image blurring,Printers,44
25823,1,ok,Printers,2
25824,3,Good product,Printers,12
25825,3,Best quality and fast delivery,Printers,30
25826,3,Very very poor model. No use,Printers,28
25827,1,It is a best product but it needs more ink....,Printers,46
25828,2,Good job flipkart. on time delivery...but no any packing on product...and product is safe...,Printers,92
25829,1,Not bad...,Printers,10
25830,5,I am very happy I can receive my product on the time,Printers,52
25831,5,It is not working properly. Waste of money,Printers,42
25832,5,Worst product I have ever get from Flipcart. It's Ink toner has less capacity of ink & very costly to purchase. Can't be refilled. So you have to purchase the toner each time. Approx cost per toner is Rs.600. We can print only 100 to 130 pages per toner. Almost 6 rupees per page. So I suggest not to buy this printer.,Printers,318
25833,5,"after using it for some time i realised , laser printers are always economical than ink ones..",Printers,94
25834,1,Good quality product,Printers,20
25835,4,Good product for thank you Canon & Flipcart,Printers,43
25836,3,This is very good,Printers,17
25837,1,Bad quality printer...don't buy this,Printers,36
25838,2,It is very good product by flipkart.I am happy to use this..But the ink cartridge is too much costly.,Printers,101
25839,5,Wonderfull printer excellent,Printers,28
25840,4,Toner which provide by the co. With this printer is empty after very few printing.,Printers,82
25841,4,Good product but Running Cost in very high...,Printers,45
25842,3,Good product,Printers,12
25843,1,Good product,Printers,12
25844,4,Not bad cartridges problems,Printers,27
25845,5,Good product and good quality,Printers,29
25846,1,Ink cost more than printer price,Printers,32
25847,5,Good,Printers,4
25848,2,Nice,Printers,4
25849,2,It is good but it's ink get used up fast.the ink also cost more.,Printers,64
25850,4,Goood,Printers,5
25851,5,Good product..,Printers,14
25852,3,Ok Ok Quality.. Ink is very poor,Printers,32
25853,4,Good,Printers,4
25854,5,Super product........,Printers,21
25855,5,At this price the product is not bad at all but the only worry is that the INK gets consumed pretty quickly  So for all of you there if you have loads of printing I suggest look for alternatives,Printers,194
25856,5,Excellent product with low cost and power saving device,Printers,55
25857,2,Awesome picture quality,Printers,23
25858,5,Best on price,Printers,13
25859,1,Nice product Satisfied,Printers,22
25860,5,So bad this product,Printers,19
25861,4,Nice product from Canon,Printers,23
25862,5,"Very worst product, with in one week it is not working, waste",Printers,61
25863,4,Good product,Printers,12
25864,5,Nice I've ever seen in budget.,Printers,30
25865,5,Nice Printer,Printers,12
25866,1,Good product,Printers,12
25867,4,Good one,Printers,8
25868,5,Super,Printers,5
25869,5,This is not good,Printers,16
25870,5,Nice one,Printers,8
25871,5,nice prodect,Printers,12
25872,3,Best product quality but cartrage refill not good,Printers,49
25873,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25874,1,Cool product,Printers,12
25875,3,Remarkable product,Printers,18
25876,4,Its good..,Printers,10
25877,3,Only few pages can use.ink rate high,Printers,36
25878,4,good but after some day not working,Printers,35
25879,2,It is good product for home use only,Printers,36
25880,4,Cheapest printer good decision to by I am using this since above 1 yr and not even single probeln is there,Printers,106
25881,5,This is a very good product. Functions very nicely.,Printers,51
25882,5,"Don't buy at all, you'll have to waste a huge amount of money on refill cartridges. If you have this much money, you should buy a better one.",Printers,141
25883,4,It amazing itom.,Printers,16
25884,3,Nice printer .... Best quality !,Printers,32
25885,5,Very Nice product,Printers,17
25886,5,Nice product,Printers,12
25887,5,okay affordable,Printers,15
25888,5,Good product,Printers,12
25889,5,Cost low but product good,Printers,25
25890,1,Was gud,Printers,7
25891,4,Super product. I like it . the quality of printing is very good,Printers,63
25892,5,Nice,Printers,4
25893,5,Not good,Printers,8
25894,4,Nice,Printers,4
25895,5,Very good product.Value for money,Printers,33
25896,2,Good product great proce,Printers,24
25897,4,Good.,Printers,5
25898,5,Printer is very nice,Printers,20
25899,5,Not satisfied,Printers,13
25900,5,Good,Printers,4
25901,4,Good Printer,Printers,12
25902,5,Nice product good result,Printers,24
25903,2,This product gives very good print and is very computable,Printers,57
25904,5,Good,Printers,4
25905,5,Awesome product,Printers,15
25906,5,"Hassle free installation, yet to see page output of this printer. Will not print full page glossy paper. Quality of print is pathetic.please don't get cheated by Cannon.",Printers,169
25907,3,Fantastic printer one must buy it,Printers,33
25908,4,Best,Printers,4
25909,4,Fantastic product,Printers,17
25910,3,Best in terms of price,Printers,22
25911,5,Nice,Printers,4
25912,5,Very good at use,Printers,16
25913,3,"After using from 1 year not problem at,but after print the 30 pages cartridge is exhaust.",Printers,89
25914,5,awesome,Printers,7
25915,2,Nice product,Printers,12
25916,1,Very good but the color ink costs much.,Printers,39
25917,1,Very good product. I am suggest you to buy it.    Ousome,Printers,56
25918,5,Not worth for the price it is !! Ink dried up .. A total waste !!,Printers,65
25919,3,This product is not good,Printers,24
25920,1,Inks aren't refillable and the Inks don't last long+ the printing quality is average.,Printers,85
25921,3,Nice item .and fast delivery received by Flipkart.,Printers,50
25922,5,Average,Printers,7
25923,3,Don't buy,Printers,9
25924,1,Good,Printers,4
25925,5,Ink costly,Printers,10
25926,5,Amazing product at a deal price.,Printers,32
25927,5,Super,Printers,5
25928,5,"pixma mg2470 printer home or bussiness use and copy,scan,printable machine",Printers,74
25929,5,As expected from Flipkart,Printers,25
25930,3,Nice product but ink is not lasting many days.,Printers,46
25931,5,Very Good,Printers,9
25932,2,Best product in range,Printers,21
25933,2,"White elephant, though product is good, maintenance cost is very heavy. Burns hole in the pocket.",Printers,97
25934,5,Good,Printers,4
25935,5,Average product,Printers,15
25936,3,Good but ink is going fast,Printers,26
25937,5,printer is good,Printers,15
25938,5,Awesome printer,Printers,15
25939,1,"Printer is OK but there is problem to find the cartridge and it is expensive... Over all great for home use you can copy, scan and print from single device.",Printers,156
25940,1,Product is very good,Printers,20
25941,5,More than good Good work Canon,Printers,30
25942,5,"Not for commercial use,gud for home use purpose",Printers,47
25943,3,This was my 5th printer. I think Wasted my money.No use. Never buy this printer.,Printers,80
25944,1,"Good product easy to operate nice features, value for money.",Printers,60
25945,5,Working properly,Printers,16
25946,1,it's ink is so costly,Printers,21
25947,3,Printer does not working after 1 month,Printers,38
25948,1,Super product,Printers,13
25949,1,Very bad printers very chip,Printers,27
25950,4,Low price is the good but not a impressed,Printers,41
25951,1,Quality of printer very Bad. within one week printer not working.  please dont buy,Printers,82
25952,1,Bad product.,Printers,12
25953,5,Nice one,Printers,8
25954,5,Bed product.. bad product,Printers,25
25955,5,Waste product don't buy,Printers,23
25956,5,Excellent,Printers,9
25957,1,Good printer,Printers,12
25958,1,Super,Printers,5
25959,4,Good printer but ink cost high . Refill not working.,Printers,52
25960,2,Please don't buy.... Worst printer,Printers,34
25961,2,"Printer is good in this rate. But , ink is way to expensive and does not last long, colour print takes a lot time. ideal for home use only if you are an Occasional user.",Printers,169
25962,1,Good printer. Value for money,Printers,29
25963,4,Cons- Consume lots of INK Too much Noicy Not value for money for printing Pros- Cheapest if you are using for scanning purpose Print quality is good But again consumes lots of Ink,Printers,179
25964,5,All In one loved it Better for home use,Printers,39
25965,1,Consumez ink very fast. Stoped working.,Printers,39
25966,5,Ink is costly right,Printers,19
25967,5,Good product in price Range,Printers,27
25968,4,Fast ink consumption,Printers,20
25969,5,Printer,Printers,7
25970,1,Good product......Osm.............print quality..........,Printers,57
25971,3,A low cost and well efficient scanner-printer. But the rate of the color packages are too high.,Printers,95
25972,1,Cartridge problem,Printers,17
25973,5,Just don't buy this product cartilage are too expensive ink becomes dry if not used regularly buy a laser printer.,Printers,114
25974,5,Main problem ink is blank few day after,Printers,39
25975,1,Bed work this product,Printers,21
25976,5,Best product,Printers,12
25977,4,Good 1,Printers,6
25978,5,Worst don't buy this,Printers,20
25979,4,very clear picture quality.. just love it.,Printers,42
25980,5,Best product,Printers,12
25981,4,Good,Printers,4
25982,1,Not bad,Printers,7
25983,4,"Aswm Printer , valu for many. Printar offer prise is 1950 rupes... but 2300 avarage prise....bast product...useful...",Printers,117
25984,3,Perfect up till now 1 month used. Best for price also,Printers,53
25985,4,Not for Business use. The cartridge gets over ever 10 pages print and it actually don't print after that. I had to refill everytime and then finally I just kept this printer on scrap and started using HP. Waste of money.,Printers,220
25986,4,Good For Home Use Consumes Ink Very Fast,Printers,40
25987,4,Ink exhausted too early. Improvement requires on driver software. The Printer became unserviceable within 3 years which was not acceptable to me. It seems there is a logic circuit in the Printer which prevents any more print facilities after a certain number of pages has been printed by the system.,Printers,299
25988,5,Good product,Printers,12
25989,3,Nice,Printers,4
25990,1,Nice product,Printers,12
25991,1,Good to print,Printers,13
25992,1,Scan or Xerox quality not so good....ya but good its at this price,Printers,66
25993,1,Very bad to tell that I have this canon printer MG 2400 which is not working after one month making problems of black ink after refilling 2 times and please give me canon contact number,Printers,185
25994,5,Product is not good not performing good quality copy and they are hanged out.,Printers,77
25995,1,Worst printer ever seen please do not buy it waste of money,Printers,59
25996,5,1 of the worst printer that I ever seen,Printers,39
25997,5,Very nice product. Good for office use.,Printers,39
25998,5,Poor product,Printers,12
25999,4,NICE APP,Printers,8
26000,1,Best,Printers,4
26001,5,Good,Printers,4
26002,5,Good,Printers,4
26003,2,Not a good product because it's ink most costly,Printers,47
26004,5,Today I Recived Canon pixma mg2470 Its Osmmm Product by canon in vry low prize picture quality is suprb black nd color... gud Flipkart,Printers,134
26005,4,One can never get such product in this price thanks flip cart team.,Printers,67
26006,5,"No use regular print , ink cartridges showing empty after few prints . Not good idea for office use",Printers,99
26007,5,Very nice product. Value for money.,Printers,35
26008,1,It was very good buy that time. i did change the colour cartridges couple of times and many a times i just use it for scanning. Touch wood no complaints till now.,Printers,162
26009,5,Perfect for me,Printers,14
26010,1,Good,Printers,4
26011,3,Bad quality,Printers,11
26012,5,The product is packed very well,Printers,31
26013,5,It is local it is not working now,Printers,33
26014,4,It is very nice,Printers,15
26015,5,printer is very good and price parfact thanks...,Printers,48
26016,4,Have been using for 3 months. Build quality is great. Print quality is fine. Have printed more than 100 sheets. Scanning also fine. Although setting up the printer might be difficult for beginners.,Printers,197
26017,3,Item is very good,Printers,17
26018,1,Nice printer in low cost.....,Printers,29
26019,4,worth for price,Printers,15
26020,4,Average product I only use 6 months now its not working,Printers,55
26021,4,Don't buy if you thought,Printers,24
26022,1,Good one,Printers,8
26023,4,Gud,Printers,3
26024,4,Consuming ink fastly but better quality picture provide,Printers,55
26025,5,very bad,Printers,8
26026,5,Good,Printers,4
26027,2,Nice product,Printers,12
26028,1,Performance very fine,Printers,21
26029,4,Nice product ....,Printers,17
26030,2,Not that much useful,Printers,20
26031,1,too much bad product,Printers,20
26032,5,This product is good,Printers,20
26033,1,Very good but problem is about ink,Printers,34
26034,3,I'm so happy canon is nice product its very good performance,Printers,60
26035,1,"Yes the ink cartridges cost more than the printer. The magic word if you are planning to buy this printer is CISS (search YouTube for this model number and CISS ).  I recommend this printer as long as you have installed CISS (Continuous Ink Supply System attached), else don't buy it as it will deplete your savings account fast.",Printers,329
26036,2,It is very bad and also like an white elephant,Printers,46
26037,5,Good product for home use. Not compatible with Android device. Cartridges are costly.,Printers,85
26038,5,Nice,Printers,4
26039,5,Good,Printers,4
26040,5,This printer is good Nice printer,Printers,33
26041,2,Very nice product but there is some product mistakes by company not from flipkart.,Printers,82
26042,5,"Excellent Product, Print quality is also good. I got this @2095",Printers,63
26043,5,Nice,Printers,4
26044,3,Ink is very poor and low number of prints per cartridge,Printers,55
26045,1,Not good takes ink tooooooo much,Printers,32
26046,2,One of the best inkjet at good price,Printers,36
26047,5,Ok,Printers,2
26048,5,"It serves the purpose and it is beautiful. Let’s start the review with delivery. It was fast but the package box was a huge square shaped one with package inside. When I opened it and found the screen is beautiful and sleek. The packaging contained:- 1)vga cable 2) HDMI cable 3) stand for screen 4) screen 5) power cable 6) CD (I don’t know why I could not find CD drives on most of the latest laptops) So, it was easy to setup and I was able to do it in less than 5 mins. So here are some pros a...",Printers,500
26049,5,"beautiful and elegant piece, good viewing angles, super slim and great full hd experience, thanks for the BB sale it contain 7k price, only cons its no speaker about delhivery courier its pathetic..",Printers,198
26050,5,"Before describing the monitor itself, I want to mention that I am extremely pleased by the seller and delivery. I ordered this on Saturday afternoon and I had it with me on Sunday afternoon. Fastest delivery that I've ever had.  The box comes with a HDMI and a VGA cable. The screen has a very basic I/O: Just one for VGA and HDMI each. No speakers on the monitor. The monitor stand is fixed, cannot be adjusted for height or swivel. That said, it looks very nice on my desk. The screen is very sl...",Printers,500
26051,2,Awesome display just replaced it with my old 768p monitor. It looks very premium with perfect sharpness and good colour reproduction. I use it mostly for gaming at 1080p with gtx 1060 6gb easily pulling 60 fps on most new games. One good advantage is that due to nvidia 's dsr super scaling and it being a 1080p monitor i can increase the resolution to 4k and all games support it. At 4k the display even though downsampled to 1080p looks just stunning but my gtx 1060 can not handle 4k. It can on...,Printers,500
26052,5,"Very slick. I think there is no other monitor available in market with that much slickness. Left, right and top bezels are black colored, very narrow (little lesser than half inch) and covered by panel's glass. Bottom bezel is lesser than 1"", silver colored and looks quite stylish. Stand is silver colored, slick and stylish. Back side is black and mat-finished - looks stylish. I was a bit skeptical of buying a 27"" monitor for my programming work; but now I am satisfied since it doesn't look t...",Printers,500
26053,5,"Perfect aspect ratio , colours are good . Slim and sleek design . Best in this price range .",Printers,92
26054,3,"Not five star because the response time is not suitable for gaming purposes therefore it is a general purpose monitor. Hope this helps. Brightness is good, and its a good one at this price specially impressed by the 3 year guarantee claim made by the dealer.",Printers,258
26055,5,Nice monitor it has a good viewing angles and it is the best in its segment. And even looks royal with the aluminium coloured frame and slim enough too I recommend you to go for it.... It's packing is also good and it has VGA and HDMI Cables too....,Monitors,249
26056,5,Got this beauty at just 9300. A pretty good deal for a 24inch IPS monitor. Great color production and the looks pretty slick.,Monitors,125
26057,5,Amazing Value For Money Monitor  I Use This Excellent Display 15 Days Amazing Response  (1) HDMI Cable (2) Amazing Screen (3) power Cable,Monitors,137
26058,5,Awesome product. Nice display. Gives some flickering in screen if connected via VGA but crystal clear clarity if connected via HDMI. Worth buying and value for money.,Monitors,166
26059,4,"I've been using it since a year and here is my conclusion... the display is very good colours are accurate and the resolution is really full hd and it gives full screen experience, just the bezel at the bottom is a bit annoying. there are some difference in colours of monitor and smartphone or other device but I noticed it in every monitor. all and all it's a good product, you should try it out.",Monitors,398
26060,5,"I really wanted this screen when I first saw this on FK and Amzn. It's super slim and has awesome display. And the offers on Flipkart were great so I couldn't resist. If anyone wants screen of 21.5"" then I would say this is the screen they should go for. Samsung and LG has TN panels in this price range and HP has come up with IPS display which is far better than any other TN panels. If you are a hard core gamer then I suggest to go with a TN panel with low G2G response time. This panel has ...",Monitors,498
26061,4,"Very Stylish Design. Great Looks. Good Picture Quality. Only missing thing is a speaker. Coz when you connect to HDMI, the audio output from a laptop would not work then.",Monitors,170
26062,5,"superb for photoshop work and vedio quality, build quality, very very super and I like so much with this product 1080 quality,",Monitors,126
26063,5,i happy with hp product very nice slim pic good visible and nice delivery process is slow bus all over is good,Monitors,110
26064,5,Proudly Saying take it as early as possible if you think to take any monitor....kindly go for it without any hesitation and too much thinking.... today it's arrived at my place and after installation really I just wondered to see bcz it's fully screen and when I started a video in YouTube with highest resolution I just wondered to see what Crystal clear picture I can't explain and when I start a high resolution game it's give me my dream picture of the characters and others features was tooo...,Monitors,499
26065,5,"I purchased On Big billion day .. at cost of Rs 7100 /-  1. It's was amazing packing and delivery. 2. The monitor consists of HDMI cable, Monitor Stand, power cable and Monitor. 3. Very slim you can adjust the monitor as you like very stylish. 4. 100 % satisfied I refer others to buy this product.  Thank you",Monitors,309
26066,5,"Do not think twice before purchasing it some will say lg display is good samsung is better, it has a response time of 7 ms which is slower than usual and u are here searching for an IPS panel monitor it clears that u want a good picture quality and video experience so go for it don't listen to any other if u take it then u will give a review here like me..",Monitors,358
26067,5,"Flipkart really went an extra mile this time! I am happy that they have started delivering their products to Srinagar, J& K also. The consignment was well packed and courier guy was also very polite and helpful. Will surely buy more if Flipkart also starts delivering other items like fridges, washing machines and Televisions etc to our area. Very happy with the purchase.",Monitors,373
26068,4,"The monitor is an absolute value for money. IPS panel, full HD at this price point is a steal. HP products are reliable. Playing games on it is aan altogether different experience. To top it all, large display helps to do office tasks easily. Flipkart delivery and packaging was prompt and top class.",Monitors,300
26069,5,"Very Good Product. I bought this product 26 Jan 2017 and i got at home 29 Jan afternoon at my door step. No Extra fragile used for this product. This LED powered with power adapter and adapter have not any HP made mark or logo, i dont know Is this original or not. But Result is awesome and product pure new and original and fulfill my wish.",Monitors,341
26070,5,"It's a good product (only been 1 week though, will update later on). Looks good. Works well. Sleek, light weight.  Following are some nit-picking from the initial experience: Not easily accessible ports (These are behind screen; hidden).It could have been way better if these would have been on the side. The stand is good looking, but not practical. It's not height adjustable.",Monitors,378
26071,5,"Awsome quality, best moniter in this price, perfect & true color for photo & video, best moniter for photoshop working & video editing.. Loved it.. Thanku flipkart.. Flipkart service is very good before time delivery i loved it.",Monitors,228
26072,5,The HP 22Es Monitor is actually pretty good and have VGA and HDMI cables bundled with it already and is very much sleek considering it already a 2 year old product. Got it for 7100/- during the BBDs and its totally worth that.,Monitors,226
26073,5,This monitor has very thin bezel and full hd resolution and better viewing angle. I am greatly impressed with the design of this product and monitor looks stunning on the desk. I have paired it up with HP pavilion wave desktop CPU and it is over all a great looking desktop for me. The monitor is priced very well and offers excellent value for money.,Monitors,351
26074,5,"Nice Slim Display, very good colors and uses very less space compared with other Displays. One word to the product is very nice to use this display",Monitors,147
26075,5,"Magnificent, it’s a spectacular piece of a product. Really happy that I have purchased due to the wfh situation and it is indeed turning out to be a great choice as I expected. The built and finishing of this brilliant monitor asks for your admiration. Just get it on and enjoy the anti glare beauty of vivid Colors.",Monitors,316
26076,5,"I have been using this monitor for last 1 year and no compliant so far. I use it for my daily work and also connect with my office laptop.  However, there are few improvement areas which I feel could have been added to this one:  1. This is not height adjustable 2. The Power cable is too thin. You need to pay special attention to avoid cut 3. No USB or Speaker",Monitors,362
26077,4,"Seller: RetailNet On time delivery. Packing is just okay. Nice looking monitor. Working good. Advertised as 3 years warranty product but I got only two and half years warranty after registration with HP website. Missing 6 months warranty. Feel like Default display is too bright. So I had to adjust display settings. No complaints with Monitor. No missing accessories. VGA cable,HDMI cable and warranty card are included with the package. Monitor looks pretty good.",Monitors,465
26078,5,Happy to see the things u like on the big screen with affordable price. Thank u flip kart and hp,Monitors,96
26079,4,very very good monitor.. love this monitor..this monitor look is very cool ...very slim..and thank for hp this monitor sell low budget..,Monitors,136
26080,5,"The monitor display is amazing. It's very slim and light weight. Looks absolutely stunning. VGA and HDMI cables are provided with the monitor. It definitely works as PnP and it's very easy to mount.  Cons: The one star less is for the quality of the power cord. The half part of the cable which connects the adapter and the monitor is of poor quality, looks like the cable that you can buy with the Diwali lights.",Monitors,413
26081,5,this is the best product and super quality Super clarity,Monitors,56
26082,5,"This is the best product I bought on flipkart and I am so happy with my decision. This laptop is just awesome. 1. Built- 5/5 2. Screen 5/5 3. Looks 5/5 4. Battery life with normal uses around 6-7 hours- 5/5 5. Performance 5/5 6. Sound - 5/5. 7. CPU heat near 35 d C at normal uses. Also there is option to increase/decrease fan speed. Which is helpful to cool down the CPU. - 5/5 8. Value for money compare to other laptop, probably best.",Monitors,438
26083,4,Amazing picture quality. Great for working and editing. The color production is very good. Also the Led is very sleek and looks very good.,Monitors,138
26084,4,It's amazingly superb product in this price. Thanks to flipkart and the packing also very good with the additional large box for extra safety with the fragile item inside warning. It's delivered well before the expected date. Thank you flipkart,Monitors,244
26085,5,Its good product. However choose Dell because they have very good sharpness and comes with speakers with good sound quality. I have both ips full HD monitor. I suggest you to go with dell monitor when you get in lower price in sale.  However its also good monitor i got in 6750 in sale price at very good price. Thank you Flipkart,Monitors,330
26086,5,Worth For Money... Good Display... Best For Gaming And Movies Watching... Thin Bezzels... Awesome Product...,Monitors,108
26087,4,"I liked it at first sight. finally , i got it. It is the best LED you can get at this budget especially if you want to get into professionalism. Quality is good. Resolution is perfect to work on. Design is awesome. Performance is much better than i was using before.",Monitors,266
26088,4,Nice monitor.... U get 100% video output result Oly by using Graphics card.... Without graphics card video is very poor. After by using graphics card I get 4k video clarity very nice. .. I am satisfied by this monitor.....,Monitors,222
26089,5,"Fantastic, fabulous and exactly what I want in a monitor. built quality was excellent sharp and beautiful design. colour depth are bright and very good for designing work like Photoshop.",Monitors,186
26090,5,Don't buy any hp products totally waste,Monitors,39
26091,5,"Technicolor certified and there is a picture mode for that. Hence screen is vibrant and good for movies. Physical design (narrow bezel and metal stand) is also good. Good viewing angle . Got it for ₹6,699 during Big Billion sale. Worth the money  Cons  No 3.5mm output No inbuilt speaker Blacks are not dark enough when compared to Oled screens and high quality LCD screen seen in phones such as iPhone XR. But the screen produces decent blacks. Not bad.",Monitors,454
26092,4,"overall product good , this is non vesa mount led so you can't mount directly .. you want to need vesa adapter and it's very light weight so not stable in fan wind on table.",Monitors,173
26093,5,At the price of Rs.6600 this will be the best full HD monitor from the best PC brand HP. Viewing angles are awesome and colors are so vivid. At last the build quality is good and the monitor itself is very slim. Thanks to flipkart for giving me this offer. Flipkart never disappoints me :),Monitors,289
26094,5,Awesome product. I was not expecting this high quality product within this price. Best packing quality and delivery from flipcart. This monitor looks suoerb. Happy with my purvhase. Within the Box Got everything that was mentioned. HDMI connectivity working great.,Monitors,264
26095,4,"This was for my friend. He is professional photo editor. He loves the display and the crisp clear image. Must buy if your looking for good display output similar to almost that of an iMac. It's too thin , so have to handle with care😀.",Monitors,234
26096,5,"Very Light weight, Sleek, Elegant looking monitor with bright colors and good viewing angles. Plug & Play. Packaged well and dispatched promptly too. Price could be a bit more competitive though.",Monitors,195
26097,2,amazing clarity .n looks.very good quality for long hours of work,Monitors,65
26098,4,"its just fantastic.. extra slim, stylish & sexy looks,, hard metalstand,, resolution is just wow. everything is just perfect with the price, but only i was hoping about it is wall mount facility or table stand, but there i no way for that.. by the way. i just love it.. i m sure that i brought a perfect led monitor in perfect price.. about packaging??. i think Flipkart or seller should do more work for that.. no extra cartoonor safety package was there , only company covered.",Monitors,479
26099,5,This is simply awesome . Thank you flip kart . I am loving it .,Monitors,63
26100,5,"Excellent product. I satisfy to buy this product. Good screen, good quality. Thank You Flipkart.",Monitors,96
26101,5,The Display Is Just Superb.... Just Loved It :-) Nice Brightness.. Perfect Black........ This Is D Best Monitor... Highly recommend it.....go For it...,Monitors,151
26102,5,Works great with debian. I am using it with debian 9.2 and it works out of the box at full hd. It should work well with other linux variants too.  I have connected monitor using HDMI.,Monitors,183
26103,4,Excellent clarity wonderful experience nice display and also good for eyes,Monitors,74
26104,5,"I love this, good clarity and it's slim I'm a graphic designer and it's really good monitor for this amount of money ❤❤❤❤❤",Monitors,122
26105,5,This is the best monitor at this price range. I bought it in flipkart Diwali sales. Excellent price for the range of 8100. Ultra slim led monitor with excellent display. Don't give a second thought simply go for it.,Monitors,215
26106,5,Very good product. I am experience a better visual than my screen of laptop. I use this extensively for both of my personal and official work. I would recommend this product to whoever tend to purchase a monitor for their works.,Monitors,228
26107,5,Delivery was good it was on time. Setup and connection to laptop took just 10 min from opening to using the screen. Definitely sleek and very lightweight. Blue light single click reduction is a good feature for those who believe blue light at night may cause less sleep  But: the website says authorised technician should install to ensure 10 day replacement guarantee but when i called up support they said I can install it myself. Then why say this on the website.  The swivel is only up and dow...,Monitors,500
26108,5,It's really great led monitor i liked it very much thank you,Monitors,60
26109,5,Good for Home use. Stunned by seeing 1080p youtube videos. Speciality is that you can watch videos without black bars. Thinnest IPS LED monitor I have ever seen. No other option in this price range. I got it exchanged with Samsung LCD monitor. Nothing to say. Go for it. I got it for ₹8099 after exchange.  Don't know why Flipkart ships without any sort of packaging. Just a sticker pasted on the cover. Expected better packaging from Flipkart.,Monitors,444
26110,5,"Super fast delivery by Flipkart, Got in hand in 13 hours. appreciated......  Monitor feels excellent and beautiful so far (2 days of usage).",Monitors,140
26111,5,"It has great display, has user friendly buttons. Value for money. Great aesthetics. I liked it a lot and bought one more.",Monitors,121
26112,5,Very slim & beautiful look.i used this product past 1 year no problem found. After one year later my monitor like new. Very good screen quality. Super super super. I recommend for this product. This is lovely.,Monitors,209
26113,5,"Perfect FULL HD Monitor with superb resolution. Can also be used as a TV, since it has an HDMI slot available which can be connected to DTH. Awesome build quality and sleek design.",Monitors,180
26114,3,Good one. A total worthy product. But EKART takes almost a week to shipped the product.,Monitors,87
26115,5,damn good product highly recommend to buy this,Monitors,46
26116,5,Nice product... Got the price of 7300/-.,Monitors,40
26117,5,Highly recommended... Awesome Product by HP..,Monitors,45
26118,5,nice monitor under 10000rs.,Monitors,27
26119,5,super,Monitors,5
26120,5,awesome product,Monitors,15
26121,5,excellent very nice LED,Monitors,23
26122,5,This product best,Monitors,17
26123,5,good product package is very good,Monitors,33
26124,5,excellent monitor & great picture quality 😍😍,Monitors,44
26125,5,best quality,Monitors,12
26126,5,high perfection superb monitor,Monitors,30
26127,5,"excellent product, value for money.",Monitors,35
26128,5,nice... product satisfied,Monitors,25
26129,5,Worth for money awesome product,Monitors,31
26130,4,"BEST MONITOR..... TRUE COLOR.... BIG DISPLAY, ALMOST FULL DISPLAY....",Monitors,69
26131,5,Excellent Performance with True colors... Good choice for video editors / Photo editors,Monitors,87
26132,5,nyc product,Monitors,11
26133,5,good performance I like it super,Monitors,32
26134,5,Really nice product at this price range. Love it.. Without further thinking you can choose it. Thanks to the flipkart and the person who delivered.,Monitors,147
26135,5,Super Display,Monitors,13
26136,5,good product,Monitors,12
26137,5,Mind blowing product Amazing quality just go for it You will be crazy after unboxing👎👎,Monitors,86
26138,5,"It serves the purpose and it is beautiful. Let’s start the review with delivery. It was fast but the package box was a huge square shaped one with package inside. When I opened it and found the screen is beautiful and sleek. The packaging contained:- 1)vga cable 2) HDMI cable 3) stand for screen 4) screen 5) power cable 6) CD (I don’t know why I could not find CD drives on most of the latest laptops) So, it was easy to setup and I was able to do it in less than 5 mins. So here are some pros a...",Monitors,500
26139,5,"beautiful and elegant piece, good viewing angles, super slim and great full hd experience, thanks for the BB sale it contain 7k price, only cons its no speaker about delhivery courier its pathetic..",Monitors,198
26140,5,"Before describing the monitor itself, I want to mention that I am extremely pleased by the seller and delivery. I ordered this on Saturday afternoon and I had it with me on Sunday afternoon. Fastest delivery that I've ever had.  The box comes with a HDMI and a VGA cable. The screen has a very basic I/O: Just one for VGA and HDMI each. No speakers on the monitor. The monitor stand is fixed, cannot be adjusted for height or swivel. That said, it looks very nice on my desk. The screen is very sl...",Monitors,500
26141,5,Awesome display just replaced it with my old 768p monitor. It looks very premium with perfect sharpness and good colour reproduction. I use it mostly for gaming at 1080p with gtx 1060 6gb easily pulling 60 fps on most new games. One good advantage is that due to nvidia 's dsr super scaling and it being a 1080p monitor i can increase the resolution to 4k and all games support it. At 4k the display even though downsampled to 1080p looks just stunning but my gtx 1060 can not handle 4k. It can on...,Monitors,500
26142,5,"Very slick. I think there is no other monitor available in market with that much slickness. Left, right and top bezels are black colored, very narrow (little lesser than half inch) and covered by panel's glass. Bottom bezel is lesser than 1"", silver colored and looks quite stylish. Stand is silver colored, slick and stylish. Back side is black and mat-finished - looks stylish. I was a bit skeptical of buying a 27"" monitor for my programming work; but now I am satisfied since it doesn't look t...",Monitors,500
26143,4,"Perfect aspect ratio , colours are good . Slim and sleek design . Best in this price range .",Monitors,92
26144,5,"Not five star because the response time is not suitable for gaming purposes therefore it is a general purpose monitor. Hope this helps. Brightness is good, and its a good one at this price specially impressed by the 3 year guarantee claim made by the dealer.",Monitors,258
26145,5,Nice monitor it has a good viewing angles and it is the best in its segment. And even looks royal with the aluminium coloured frame and slim enough too I recommend you to go for it.... It's packing is also good and it has VGA and HDMI Cables too....,Monitors,249
26146,4,Got this beauty at just 9300. A pretty good deal for a 24inch IPS monitor. Great color production and the looks pretty slick.,Monitors,125
26147,5,Amazing Value For Money Monitor  I Use This Excellent Display 15 Days Amazing Response  (1) HDMI Cable (2) Amazing Screen (3) power Cable,Monitors,137
26148,5,Awesome product. Nice display. Gives some flickering in screen if connected via VGA but crystal clear clarity if connected via HDMI. Worth buying and value for money.,Monitors,166
26149,5,"I've been using it since a year and here is my conclusion... the display is very good colours are accurate and the resolution is really full hd and it gives full screen experience, just the bezel at the bottom is a bit annoying. there are some difference in colours of monitor and smartphone or other device but I noticed it in every monitor. all and all it's a good product, you should try it out.",Monitors,398
26150,5,"I really wanted this screen when I first saw this on FK and Amzn. It's super slim and has awesome display. And the offers on Flipkart were great so I couldn't resist. If anyone wants screen of 21.5"" then I would say this is the screen they should go for. Samsung and LG has TN panels in this price range and HP has come up with IPS display which is far better than any other TN panels. If you are a hard core gamer then I suggest to go with a TN panel with low G2G response time. This panel has ...",Monitors,498
26151,4,"Very Stylish Design. Great Looks. Good Picture Quality. Only missing thing is a speaker. Coz when you connect to HDMI, the audio output from a laptop would not work then.",Monitors,170
26152,5,"superb for photoshop work and vedio quality, build quality, very very super and I like so much with this product 1080 quality,",Monitors,126
26153,4,i happy with hp product very nice slim pic good visible and nice delivery process is slow bus all over is good,Monitors,110
26154,5,Proudly Saying take it as early as possible if you think to take any monitor....kindly go for it without any hesitation and too much thinking.... today it's arrived at my place and after installation really I just wondered to see bcz it's fully screen and when I started a video in YouTube with highest resolution I just wondered to see what Crystal clear picture I can't explain and when I start a high resolution game it's give me my dream picture of the characters and others features was tooo...,Monitors,499
26155,5,"I purchased On Big billion day .. at cost of Rs 7100 /-  1. It's was amazing packing and delivery. 2. The monitor consists of HDMI cable, Monitor Stand, power cable and Monitor. 3. Very slim you can adjust the monitor as you like very stylish. 4. 100 % satisfied I refer others to buy this product.  Thank you",Monitors,309
26156,5,"Do not think twice before purchasing it some will say lg display is good samsung is better, it has a response time of 7 ms which is slower than usual and u are here searching for an IPS panel monitor it clears that u want a good picture quality and video experience so go for it don't listen to any other if u take it then u will give a review here like me..",Monitors,358
26157,5,"Flipkart really went an extra mile this time! I am happy that they have started delivering their products to Srinagar, J& K also. The consignment was well packed and courier guy was also very polite and helpful. Will surely buy more if Flipkart also starts delivering other items like fridges, washing machines and Televisions etc to our area. Very happy with the purchase.",Monitors,373
26158,5,"The monitor is an absolute value for money. IPS panel, full HD at this price point is a steal. HP products are reliable. Playing games on it is aan altogether different experience. To top it all, large display helps to do office tasks easily. Flipkart delivery and packaging was prompt and top class.",Monitors,300
26159,5,"Very Good Product. I bought this product 26 Jan 2017 and i got at home 29 Jan afternoon at my door step. No Extra fragile used for this product. This LED powered with power adapter and adapter have not any HP made mark or logo, i dont know Is this original or not. But Result is awesome and product pure new and original and fulfill my wish.",Monitors,341
26160,4,"It's a good product (only been 1 week though, will update later on). Looks good. Works well. Sleek, light weight.  Following are some nit-picking from the initial experience: Not easily accessible ports (These are behind screen; hidden).It could have been way better if these would have been on the side. The stand is good looking, but not practical. It's not height adjustable.",Monitors,378
26161,5,"Awsome quality, best moniter in this price, perfect & true color for photo & video, best moniter for photoshop working & video editing.. Loved it.. Thanku flipkart.. Flipkart service is very good before time delivery i loved it.",Monitors,228
26162,5,The HP 22Es Monitor is actually pretty good and have VGA and HDMI cables bundled with it already and is very much sleek considering it already a 2 year old product. Got it for 7100/- during the BBDs and its totally worth that.,Monitors,226
26163,5,This monitor has very thin bezel and full hd resolution and better viewing angle. I am greatly impressed with the design of this product and monitor looks stunning on the desk. I have paired it up with HP pavilion wave desktop CPU and it is over all a great looking desktop for me. The monitor is priced very well and offers excellent value for money.,Monitors,351
26164,5,"Nice Slim Display, very good colors and uses very less space compared with other Displays. One word to the product is very nice to use this display",Monitors,147
26165,5,"Magnificent, it’s a spectacular piece of a product. Really happy that I have purchased due to the wfh situation and it is indeed turning out to be a great choice as I expected. The built and finishing of this brilliant monitor asks for your admiration. Just get it on and enjoy the anti glare beauty of vivid Colors.",Monitors,316
26166,5,"I have been using this monitor for last 1 year and no compliant so far. I use it for my daily work and also connect with my office laptop.  However, there are few improvement areas which I feel could have been added to this one:  1. This is not height adjustable 2. The Power cable is too thin. You need to pay special attention to avoid cut 3. No USB or Speaker",Monitors,362
26167,5,"Seller: RetailNet On time delivery. Packing is just okay. Nice looking monitor. Working good. Advertised as 3 years warranty product but I got only two and half years warranty after registration with HP website. Missing 6 months warranty. Feel like Default display is too bright. So I had to adjust display settings. No complaints with Monitor. No missing accessories. VGA cable,HDMI cable and warranty card are included with the package. Monitor looks pretty good.",Monitors,465
26168,5,Happy to see the things u like on the big screen with affordable price. Thank u flip kart and hp,Monitors,96
26169,4,very very good monitor.. love this monitor..this monitor look is very cool ...very slim..and thank for hp this monitor sell low budget..,Monitors,136
26170,5,"The monitor display is amazing. It's very slim and light weight. Looks absolutely stunning. VGA and HDMI cables are provided with the monitor. It definitely works as PnP and it's very easy to mount.  Cons: The one star less is for the quality of the power cord. The half part of the cable which connects the adapter and the monitor is of poor quality, looks like the cable that you can buy with the Diwali lights.",Monitors,413
26171,4,this is the best product and super quality Super clarity,Monitors,56
26172,5,"This is the best product I bought on flipkart and I am so happy with my decision. This laptop is just awesome. 1. Built- 5/5 2. Screen 5/5 3. Looks 5/5 4. Battery life with normal uses around 6-7 hours- 5/5 5. Performance 5/5 6. Sound - 5/5. 7. CPU heat near 35 d C at normal uses. Also there is option to increase/decrease fan speed. Which is helpful to cool down the CPU. - 5/5 8. Value for money compare to other laptop, probably best.",Monitors,438
26173,5,Amazing picture quality. Great for working and editing. The color production is very good. Also the Led is very sleek and looks very good.,Monitors,138
26174,5,It's amazingly superb product in this price. Thanks to flipkart and the packing also very good with the additional large box for extra safety with the fragile item inside warning. It's delivered well before the expected date. Thank you flipkart,Monitors,244
26175,4,Its good product. However choose Dell because they have very good sharpness and comes with speakers with good sound quality. I have both ips full HD monitor. I suggest you to go with dell monitor when you get in lower price in sale.  However its also good monitor i got in 6750 in sale price at very good price. Thank you Flipkart,Monitors,330
26176,4,Worth For Money... Good Display... Best For Gaming And Movies Watching... Thin Bezzels... Awesome Product...,Monitors,108
26177,5,"I liked it at first sight. finally , i got it. It is the best LED you can get at this budget especially if you want to get into professionalism. Quality is good. Resolution is perfect to work on. Design is awesome. Performance is much better than i was using before.",Monitors,266
26178,5,Nice monitor.... U get 100% video output result Oly by using Graphics card.... Without graphics card video is very poor. After by using graphics card I get 4k video clarity very nice. .. I am satisfied by this monitor.....,Monitors,222
26179,4,"Fantastic, fabulous and exactly what I want in a monitor. built quality was excellent sharp and beautiful design. colour depth are bright and very good for designing work like Photoshop.",Monitors,186
26180,4,Don't buy any hp products totally waste,Monitors,39
26181,5,"Technicolor certified and there is a picture mode for that. Hence screen is vibrant and good for movies. Physical design (narrow bezel and metal stand) is also good. Good viewing angle . Got it for ₹6,699 during Big Billion sale. Worth the money  Cons  No 3.5mm output No inbuilt speaker Blacks are not dark enough when compared to Oled screens and high quality LCD screen seen in phones such as iPhone XR. But the screen produces decent blacks. Not bad.",Monitors,454
26182,5,"overall product good , this is non vesa mount led so you can't mount directly .. you want to need vesa adapter and it's very light weight so not stable in fan wind on table.",Monitors,173
26183,5,At the price of Rs.6600 this will be the best full HD monitor from the best PC brand HP. Viewing angles are awesome and colors are so vivid. At last the build quality is good and the monitor itself is very slim. Thanks to flipkart for giving me this offer. Flipkart never disappoints me :),Monitors,289
26184,4,Awesome product. I was not expecting this high quality product within this price. Best packing quality and delivery from flipcart. This monitor looks suoerb. Happy with my purvhase. Within the Box Got everything that was mentioned. HDMI connectivity working great.,Monitors,264
26185,5,"This was for my friend. He is professional photo editor. He loves the display and the crisp clear image. Must buy if your looking for good display output similar to almost that of an iMac. It's too thin , so have to handle with care😀.",Monitors,234
26186,5,"Very Light weight, Sleek, Elegant looking monitor with bright colors and good viewing angles. Plug & Play. Packaged well and dispatched promptly too. Price could be a bit more competitive though.",Monitors,195
26187,4,amazing clarity .n looks.very good quality for long hours of work,Monitors,65
26188,5,"its just fantastic.. extra slim, stylish & sexy looks,, hard metalstand,, resolution is just wow. everything is just perfect with the price, but only i was hoping about it is wall mount facility or table stand, but there i no way for that.. by the way. i just love it.. i m sure that i brought a perfect led monitor in perfect price.. about packaging??. i think Flipkart or seller should do more work for that.. no extra cartoonor safety package was there , only company covered.",Monitors,479
26189,2,This is simply awesome . Thank you flip kart . I am loving it .,Monitors,63
26190,4,"Excellent product. I satisfy to buy this product. Good screen, good quality. Thank You Flipkart.",Monitors,96
26191,5,The Display Is Just Superb.... Just Loved It :-) Nice Brightness.. Perfect Black........ This Is D Best Monitor... Highly recommend it.....go For it...,Monitors,151
26192,5,Works great with debian. I am using it with debian 9.2 and it works out of the box at full hd. It should work well with other linux variants too.  I have connected monitor using HDMI.,Monitors,183
26193,5,Excellent clarity wonderful experience nice display and also good for eyes,Monitors,74
26194,5,"I love this, good clarity and it's slim I'm a graphic designer and it's really good monitor for this amount of money ❤❤❤❤❤",Monitors,122
26195,4,This is the best monitor at this price range. I bought it in flipkart Diwali sales. Excellent price for the range of 8100. Ultra slim led monitor with excellent display. Don't give a second thought simply go for it.,Monitors,215
26196,5,Very good product. I am experience a better visual than my screen of laptop. I use this extensively for both of my personal and official work. I would recommend this product to whoever tend to purchase a monitor for their works.,Monitors,228
26197,5,Delivery was good it was on time. Setup and connection to laptop took just 10 min from opening to using the screen. Definitely sleek and very lightweight. Blue light single click reduction is a good feature for those who believe blue light at night may cause less sleep  But: the website says authorised technician should install to ensure 10 day replacement guarantee but when i called up support they said I can install it myself. Then why say this on the website.  The swivel is only up and dow...,Monitors,500
26198,5,It's really great led monitor i liked it very much thank you,Monitors,60
26199,5,Good for Home use. Stunned by seeing 1080p youtube videos. Speciality is that you can watch videos without black bars. Thinnest IPS LED monitor I have ever seen. No other option in this price range. I got it exchanged with Samsung LCD monitor. Nothing to say. Go for it. I got it for ₹8099 after exchange.  Don't know why Flipkart ships without any sort of packaging. Just a sticker pasted on the cover. Expected better packaging from Flipkart.,Monitors,444
26200,5,"Super fast delivery by Flipkart, Got in hand in 13 hours. appreciated......  Monitor feels excellent and beautiful so far (2 days of usage).",Monitors,140
26201,5,"It has great display, has user friendly buttons. Value for money. Great aesthetics. I liked it a lot and bought one more.",Monitors,121
26202,5,Very slim & beautiful look.i used this product past 1 year no problem found. After one year later my monitor like new. Very good screen quality. Super super super. I recommend for this product. This is lovely.,Monitors,209
26203,5,"Perfect FULL HD Monitor with superb resolution. Can also be used as a TV, since it has an HDMI slot available which can be connected to DTH. Awesome build quality and sleek design.",Monitors,180
26204,5,Good one. A total worthy product. But EKART takes almost a week to shipped the product.,Monitors,87
26205,5,damn good product highly recommend to buy this,Monitors,46
26206,3,Nice product... Got the price of 7300/-.,Monitors,40
26207,5,Highly recommended... Awesome Product by HP..,Monitors,45
26208,5,nice monitor under 10000rs.,Monitors,27
26209,5,super,Monitors,5
26210,5,awesome product,Monitors,15
26211,5,excellent very nice LED,Monitors,23
26212,5,This product best,Monitors,17
26213,5,good product package is very good,Monitors,33
26214,5,excellent monitor & great picture quality 😍😍,Monitors,44
26215,5,best quality,Monitors,12
26216,5,high perfection superb monitor,Monitors,30
26217,5,"excellent product, value for money.",Monitors,35
26218,5,nice... product satisfied,Monitors,25
26219,5,Worth for money awesome product,Monitors,31
26220,5,"BEST MONITOR..... TRUE COLOR.... BIG DISPLAY, ALMOST FULL DISPLAY....",Monitors,69
26221,5,Excellent Performance with True colors... Good choice for video editors / Photo editors,Monitors,87
26222,4,nyc product,Monitors,11
26223,5,good performance I like it super,Monitors,32
26224,5,Really nice product at this price range. Love it.. Without further thinking you can choose it. Thanks to the flipkart and the person who delivered.,Monitors,147
26225,5,Super Display,Monitors,13
26226,5,good product,Monitors,12
26227,5,Mind blowing product Amazing quality just go for it You will be crazy after unboxing👎👎,Monitors,86
26228,5,very nice display,Monitors,17
26229,5,Amazing product. There were some defects noticed after a month of use but service was good. Got the replacement within a week.,Monitors,126
26230,5,It's awesome looking good picture quality I got 8700 only,Monitors,57
26231,5,Really Awesome,Monitors,14
26232,5,"Clean, Simple and Smart, Hp Rocking!!",Monitors,37
26233,5,1.loved it 😍😍😍😍 2.It looks like a expensive monitor . 3.Its design is osm. 4.It is 180° comfortable. 5.Very big screen size.  overall performance is very good . dont wait go for it.,Monitors,181
26234,5,Excellent Monitors for the Price. Very nice brightness.,Monitors,55
26235,4,Must buy........full hd experience.......resolution 1920x1024 which is best at such a price Rs.9499......Outstanding performance.....,Monitors,133
26236,5,"Very good product.valu for money Nice looking.,& Nice picture quality...",Monitors,72
26237,5,Very good product slim and beautiful full hd viewing angles super,Monitors,65
26238,4,Nice product,Monitors,12
26239,5,Superb quality videos and good builtin in this price range bought it for 6.5k !,Monitors,79
26240,5,Good product from HP thank you Flipkart,Monitors,39
26241,5,awesome purchase monitor looks premium colour saturation up to the mark,Monitors,71
26242,5,This is the most pathetic monitor i have used . Hp in monitors is a real pain. Major issue is with the hdmi cable. Gives the error check cable.. and then after a month the buttons on the monitor started working automatically.. total waste of money.. may be with a single piece overall m nt sure though.. your call,Monitors,313
26243,5,I have warranty issue with bill from flipkar service centre refused to give service plz don't buy any product from flipkart,Monitors,123
26244,5,super quality,Monitors,13
26245,4,best price to this monitor,Monitors,26
26246,5,BIG SCREEN AND GOOD LOOK ko,Monitors,27
26247,5,Nice product slim & stylish super quality,Monitors,41
26248,5,Nice Product..I purchased it from Flipkart for Rs 8100 in BBD... Highly Recommended ..Good for Gamers and Graphic Designers.. :),Monitors,128
26249,4,Good,Monitors,4
26250,5,Nice product... really nice looking... display clearty is good... timely delivered.. tnx flipkart... tnx Courier partner..,Monitors,122
26251,4,big screen,Monitors,10
26252,1,very good,Monitors,9
26253,5,Superb quality must buy,Monitors,23
26254,5,"Got it for ₹9299. Ordered Replacement since first one looked used. No issues since it's Flipkart which is a very good company.  Pros: Everything  1. Slim Screen. 2. Wonderful Look Design 3. 1080P Quality @60 4. HDMI Port ( Its common these still nice ) 5. Free HDMI And VGA ( I guess not exactly free since you're paying but not many companies like apple ( which suck ) do this.  Also, Old school people still use VGA so don't complain about it dear.  Cons: 1. Overpriced ( ₹5400 price in usa ) i...",Monitors,499
26255,5,Clear pixels for video and graphic.,Monitors,35
26256,5,"The monitor has stopped working after 15 days, seller : Omni tech retail. It is receiving power but stays black",Monitors,111
26257,5,good,Monitors,4
26258,5,This product is fantastic. This HP monitor is too good,Monitors,54
26259,5,"I bought it in Sep 2017, and now I can see the spots every where on the screen. I merely used it for 50 hours max.  *** Update 27/05/2020 ***  My monitor has changed thrice already, programmers stay away from this fancy model.  HP support is worst, you have to call them tons of time for onsite support.",Monitors,303
26260,5,stylish 😎,Monitors,9
26261,5,Wow ❤️ Superb 🔥 Awesome 😍😍😍😍,Monitors,28
26262,5,Very Good....,Monitors,13
26263,4,"Highlight recommended to those who wants to upgrade their monitor to 22"". You surely fell in love with this product after opening the packing. I Hope this information helps the new buyers.",Monitors,188
26264,5,I am HP fan from my heart but the color of this display is not that crispy as AOC LM525. I thought it is going to be crystal clear but this display failed me. After using 45 days I can say It is not as it was expected to be. :(,Monitors,227
26265,1,Actual quality of the product is revealed after 2 weeks of usage. Power button is not at all working. Monitor menu automatically working on its own. Can't even able to stop it. None of the monitor's menu button is in control. Just an incredible product. Selling defective products for offer???,Monitors,293
26266,4,Osm monitor at this price,Monitors,25
26267,5,i brought it for my office use... nice moniter,Monitors,46
26268,1,Very Very Good Monitor,Monitors,22
26269,4,Best,Monitors,4
26270,5,"i switched from normal 18"" benq to hp24es. It feel awesome. I got it in 10,350 in sale. Bright color and better contrast.",Monitors,121
26271,5,very good monitor at this price range and delivery was very fast of 2 day,Monitors,73
26272,5,3 MONTHS usage I have to give only 1 star because the product is malfunctioning and does not work properly. Cannot get hold of HP team also. contacted 10 times to finally reach someone and who said that I have to call a different number. FLIPKART- You should also take care about the quality and warranty support technical details.,Monitors,331
26273,1,nice,Monitors,4
26274,1,"I bought this monitor for my Home office. It is so smooth and crisp. I bought it under 11000/- , a bit higher for my price range and was a stretch for me, but this is beautiful. The color scheme of silver and bezel less scheme make other monitors in 24 inch look ordinary. A 5 star from me.",Monitors,290
26275,4,"superb Packaging, delevery with in two days.. Build quality unbelievable... #lovehp #loveflipkart",Monitors,97
26276,5,The description of this product is incorrect in Flipkart. This screen is a Full HD screen (1080p). Awesome color representation. Very thin. Very good design. Best product in the range.,Monitors,184
26277,5,nice,Monitors,4
26278,5,Super working,Monitors,13
26279,5,Nice one.. more flexible,Monitors,24
26280,5,Excellent Monitor and good packing for flipkart.,Monitors,48
26281,1,Wow ! Amazing product,Monitors,21
26282,5,Excellent product,Monitors,17
26283,5,This monitar is aawwssmm in this budget this monitar is very thin & bazzelless.....i liuv it,Monitors,92
26284,5,"Very Nice monitor from HP. It's Display quality is amazing with slim design. It also has HDMI cable within the Box. Graphic Quality is Really Awesome..,Monitor Regulations 1920x1080 60Hz full HD Monitor,.........",Monitors,212
26285,5,Best monitor. Awsm features.,Monitors,28
26286,5,Excelent product with best value ...,Monitors,36
26287,4,Good Picture Quality,Monitors,20
26288,5,Awesome product packing is as I expected Thank u flipkart,Monitors,57
26289,5,after using this for 1 weak. it started On and off automatically. i complained to Hp but there is still no reply from them. plzz dont buy this produc,Monitors,149
26290,5,Nice Display!,Monitors,13
26291,5,There are white spots on the screen. Not at all good,Monitors,52
26292,5,"Excellent product easy to install and operate. Only one thing i am not satisfied is the delivery and exchange pickup man collected Rs50/- for shipment charge even after i had told him i had paid Rs100/- for that. He has not issued any receipt and argued with us, considering the small amount we gave that to him and we got annoyed with this behaving. Sorry to say this is unfair practice of collecting money with out receipt from costumer. Please take care of this issue seriously and avoid this t...",Monitors,500
26293,5,"Good choice in 15,000 below price segment. It's easy to install. It's too bright, I use this device on zero brightness. Overall experience is good. Met my expectations, I give this a 5 star.",Monitors,190
26294,5,Thumbs up for this monitor at a price of Rs 8100,Monitors,48
26295,5,Like it,Monitors,7
26296,5,Awesome monitor,Monitors,15
26297,5,It better than what i expected for the price ! Impressed by HP's build quality ajd minimalist design.,Monitors,101
26298,1,"This is one of the best monitors at this price. I bought this recently in Flipkart. The delivery happened the next afternoon. I have been using this to code and watch movies. In both cases this is very good.  Gives a widescreen movie experience. The screen is not reflective. So I dont' have any problem watching videos in the afternoon.  Only drawback I saw was lack of speakers. But for better quality audio, I almost always use Headphones or 2.1 speaker system. So this is not a big problem fo...",Monitors,499
26299,4,"Very nice product, full hd screen thanks for flipkart packing is good...",Monitors,72
26300,1,Awesome.. Look and it's clarity is completely out standing..,Monitors,60
26301,5,Not as expected. Picture quality is so so with graphics card.,Monitors,61
26302,5,I got this product last week. Very good display. I was looking for large screen monitor to open and work on two different windows at a time for my work. This one suited perfectectly to my requirement. Go for it :),Monitors,213
26303,4,Super 👌👌👌 Monitor,Monitors,17
26304,5,excellent for work,Monitors,18
26305,5,one of stylish monitor ever.Best value for money. good viewing Angles perfect and stylish,Monitors,89
26306,4,Glare on a bit higher side,Monitors,26
26307,5,Extremely poor service from HP. Unit dead in 2 months.,Monitors,54
26308,4,It's been 2 weeks now... Working fine ..good display...,Monitors,55
26309,5,2 years no problem 👍👍👍👍,Monitors,23
26310,3,Nice product,Monitors,12
26311,5,"Monitor is looking good but except the monitor all products like cables, charger cable are not from the HP company and those are from another company products.",Monitors,159
26312,5,Exlent & Beautyfull colors,Monitors,26
26313,5,Amazing I love it ❤❤❤❤,Monitors,22
26314,4,Very nice product. screen resolusion & quality supperb,Monitors,54
26315,4,"Good monitor contains both cables..looks superb, its a fullhd 1080p 60hz monitor.",Monitors,81
26316,1,Hdmi cable not working..this worst I need hdmi cable replacement,Monitors,64
26317,5,Good moniter,Monitors,12
26318,5,Only thing I miss is a usb port,Monitors,31
26319,5,I am not sattisf with quality,Monitors,29
26320,3,I have been using since 2 month it's quite good,Monitors,47
26321,5,Product is good but there is backlight leak at the edge of the beasals.,Monitors,71
26322,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
26323,5,very nice looking monitor... and really true colour everything is very good I am so happy with monitor,Monitors,102
26324,5,After one month a vertical line appeared on the screen. Got a faulty product.,Monitors,77
26325,1,Best buy - excellent screen display. Got it for 11k in offer. Thin body makes it more stylish. Adjustable brightness and Low blue light option,Monitors,142
26326,4,Good product .. using last 3 weeks till now no problem ...100% recommended,Monitors,74
26327,4,osmm product quality is very nice,Monitors,33
26328,5,Excellent quality and colours...great build and look too...a worthy purchase..!,Monitors,79
26329,3,Thank You HP and Flipkart for this beautiful beautifully crafted monitor,Monitors,72
26330,3,Best HP,Monitors,7
26331,5,good picture quality,Monitors,20
26332,5,awesome,Monitors,7
26333,1,nice,Monitors,4
26334,5,"5 stars for the product, and 3 star for the delivery service... one of the irritating experience, pls improve ur delivery service in my area...",Monitors,143
26335,4,good,Monitors,4
26336,5,good,Monitors,4
26337,5,nice product from HP,Monitors,20
26338,5,"nice, but old model, I bought it only for design",Monitors,48
26339,5,In ten days only bad has been bad for two months,Monitors,48
26340,5,Best Product,Monitors,12
26341,5,worth of money,Monitors,14
26342,5,Product is good and Beautiful quality picture i am happy large or colour quality,Monitors,80
26343,4,"Got the product on time, after few weeks menu button stopped working, got the piece replaced from pathetic HP service center (stole my power cable) , the display quality i still fill has some issues and is not sharp and stable compared with other monitors in my office.",Monitors,269
26344,2,Very...... Good Product Thanks You Flipkart Smooth and stlyesh very good picture quality,Monitors,88
26345,5,Nice monitor,Monitors,12
26346,5,Good one,Monitors,8
26347,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26348,1,monitor is as expected.. clarity is awesome.. classic look..,Monitors,60
26349,5,Very good,Monitors,9
26350,5,"Delivery and flipkart service is good. But the product failed. After using it for two weeks, the power button doesn't work....and when I try to press it. It switches between vga and HDMI. Now I can't turn off the monitor",Monitors,220
26351,5,"nice product but only one issue i have faced after using this when i connect it to with My Tata Sky HD set of box at 1080p it pop up a msj on screen "" out of range"" and after 30 sec move to sleep mode but at 720p it works smoothly.",Monitors,231
26352,3,"I got this monitor for Rs10350 on big 10 sale on 17th may 2017 at discounted price for my i5 6500 6th generation processor and gigabyte h150 4 slot motherboard 8gb ddr4 ram cosier 550 watt PSU . It works fine with inbuilt graphic card of intel 530. No need to buy extra graphic card for this monitor, I am not a gamer so I don't know about gaming, It comes with HDMI cable,VGA cable,power cables. The stand is no shaking, strong stand, slim display , no glare in lights we can view in any angle o...",Monitors,499
26353,5,"It is the thinnest, lightest and most portable in its category. Has got a stunning look. But that does not cause any compromise with the build quality. Has got a strong aluminium stand which is very easy to setup and remove. Also there is no glare issue with this desktop. Glare and weight were the main reasons for me to opt for this over Dell S2216H which was giving me a set of inbuilt speakers at the same price. Have been using it more than a month now. Have not found anything negative to wr...",Monitors,500
26354,5,Awesome product,Monitors,15
26355,3,The price of this product on HP official website is 9500.,Monitors,57
26356,5,it is such a nice product. Got it in 8k in Republic Sale,Monitors,56
26357,5,Hello everyone i was cheated with this monitor,Monitors,46
26358,5,Monitor looks and Colors are awesome. IPS technology is future. So highly recommend for Editors. photo and video Both. Thank you,Monitors,128
26359,1,Delivery speed very very poor,Monitors,29
26360,4,nice monitor I love it,Monitors,22
26361,3,Beautiful display + Stylish look.  Software provided to change color preference.,Monitors,80
26362,5,super,Monitors,5
26363,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26364,1,No Audio Picture quality is average,Monitors,35
26365,5,bad product,Monitors,11
26366,4,"Yes I brought the product. I received in very well packed. Brilliant in Performance wise. But I find the bleed in corner of display I mean when the screen become dark ,whitish colour seen in bottom corner of display. Something I feel flipkart give offers to defaulted issue products. This is unfair. I'm used for 2 month with that issue. Please flipkart help me to replace this product",Monitors,385
26367,5,Ratings & Reviews HP 21.5 inch IPS LED - 22es Monitor very good product for this price range I Sugest to buy this . it comes with metalic design body,Monitors,149
26368,1,"Very good look wise, but unfortunately faced blinking screen just after a month and returned the same and bought LG.",Monitors,116
26369,5,Recently my hp monitor fall down from table and crack in display. When I take it to hp service center they saying whatever problem u can return that and get new one and quoted price more than online price. So the point is if u struck in any problem. U should buy new one and this product can’t be repaired. So be cautious before spending money waste.,Monitors,350
26370,5,Nice 👍👍,Monitors,7
26371,5,Nice Product..,Monitors,14
26372,5,SUPERB AND PERFECT,Monitors,18
26373,1,Good quality,Monitors,12
26374,1,I am satisfied,Monitors,14
26375,4,Good product,Monitors,12
26376,4,Not good buy at offline,Monitors,23
26377,2,Good,Monitors,4
26378,1,"Excelent image quality, sleek design,",Monitors,37
26379,5,Supper Product,Monitors,14
26380,5,Loved it,Monitors,8
26381,5,It was nice but the white metal finished bottom was not good. I thought it will good at looks when I saw it in online good but it was not good enough. For me it spoils the screen while watching movies. I recommend you to buy fully black colore finished moniter,Monitors,260
26382,5,It's a amazing display.nice it,Monitors,30
26383,5,Numbers one prodect,Monitors,19
26384,5,It's amazing moniter I love that,Monitors,32
26385,1,Good products,Monitors,13
26386,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26387,5,Super,Monitors,5
26388,5,Best in class...,Monitors,16
26389,5,Display is awesome ..and built quality is also superb...and and monitor is very sleek and slim.and it is value for money that's all,Monitors,131
26390,4,best,Monitors,4
26391,5,Good,Monitors,4
26392,4,Nice,Monitors,4
26393,5,Super,Monitors,5
26394,5,Superb. Excellent. Mind blowing.  It's bigger in size than what we think.  But it's not 23.8 inches wide. It is 21.02 inches almost.  But worth buying. Superb. Must buy. Great product.,Monitors,184
26395,4,Great pictures and great design,Monitors,31
26396,5,Very good,Monitors,9
26397,5,Very elegant product to buy,Monitors,27
26398,4,Stylish ... Loved it.,Monitors,21
26399,5,Good performance. A bit fragile.,Monitors,32
26400,5,Excellent,Monitors,9
26401,5,Super monitor very super Value for money,Monitors,40
26402,5,good,Monitors,4
26403,5,Very Nice Product..I love it,Monitors,28
26404,5,Product ise osm But delivery time is very delayed,Monitors,49
26405,5,Good,Monitors,4
26406,4,Best quality products,Monitors,21
26407,4,Every online wark in hp panel monitor🖥,Monitors,38
26408,4,Best,Monitors,4
26409,5,Best monitor which I got in best price,Monitors,38
26410,5,Product is very bad,Monitors,19
26411,5,"Very good Monitor, i recommended for worth for money",Monitors,52
26412,4,Best product,Monitors,12
26413,5,After one month of usage... It's looking good and working as expected Will recommend for others,Monitors,95
26414,5,"Nice Product,Need to packing very well insted of orignal packing.",Monitors,65
26415,5,Very nice,Monitors,9
26416,5,Hp desktop really awesome ..... build quality also appreciatble .... picture quality really awesome,Monitors,99
26417,1,Nice,Monitors,4
26418,5,Very good colour production and image quality is too good. It's also very stylish.,Monitors,82
26419,2,Nice,Monitors,4
26420,5,Good,Monitors,4
26421,5,Excellent product,Monitors,17
26422,5,very good,Monitors,9
26423,4,This product good. Its very good looking,Monitors,40
26424,5,"Really Amazing product. Good quality, worth for value",Monitors,53
26425,5,Nice Product,Monitors,12
26426,5,Beautiful product,Monitors,17
26427,5,Good Quality Full Hd Look impressive,Monitors,36
26428,5,Super screen.....,Monitors,17
26429,3,Very good quality and well disinged...,Monitors,38
26430,5,Nice and style monitor,Monitors,22
26431,5,"I bought it one year ago, best purchase ever. Go for it blindly......",Monitors,69
26432,5,I AM HAPPY,Monitors,10
26433,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26434,4,Value for money,Monitors,15
26435,5,Happy to buy with Flipkart.....,Monitors,31
26436,5,Best,Monitors,4
26437,5,Value for money gif for programming,Monitors,35
26438,5,best product @ Timly delivery,Monitors,29
26439,5,Good Product,Monitors,12
26440,5,Good,Monitors,4
26441,5,Good,Monitors,4
26442,4,Very good product,Monitors,17
26443,4,Excellent product.,Monitors,18
26444,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26445,5,super product,Monitors,13
26446,5,"Value for money, no complaints from screen quality, the hinge to support the screen could have been a little better as it feels a bit clumsy and weak.",Monitors,150
26447,5,Great very nice I am so happy this monitor,Monitors,42
26448,4,Excellent monitor,Monitors,17
26449,5,Best in quality,Monitors,15
26450,5,Good,Monitors,4
26451,4,Excellent 👌,Monitors,11
26452,5,good product,Monitors,12
26453,5,Performance very very very good value money🥰😍🥰😍🥰😍,Monitors,49
26454,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26455,4,Not support tv,Monitors,14
26456,5,NYC View,Monitors,8
26457,5,Must buy,Monitors,8
26458,5,Excellent go for it,Monitors,19
26459,5,Blank screen after continuous fluctuations. Good looking worst product.,Monitors,71
26460,5,Display backlight bleeding issue,Monitors,32
26461,5,Good work,Monitors,9
26462,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26463,5,Superb monitor. Nice experience,Monitors,31
26464,5,Great product...,Monitors,16
26465,4,"HP did it again, with no compromise at its products and setting standards. Amaging performance and always recommended for office use.",Monitors,133
26466,5,Best monitor i have bought,Monitors,26
26467,5,not equal with dell s2218h. gloss panel monitor  its better only text work. not multimedia work.,Monitors,96
26468,1,Beautiful product. One of the best monitors i have worked with. The size is exactly what some one needs for daily wfh IT job. Screen is Not so large not so small. Its just perfect size. Highly recommended.,Monitors,205
26469,1,Very nice,Monitors,9
26470,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26471,5,Good,Monitors,4
26472,5,Excellent as an extended display. Only drawback the hight is not adjustable. Otherwise display 👍,Monitors,96
26473,5,Super,Monitors,5
26474,5,Super very very good,Monitors,20
26475,5,Good quality Monitor Must buy. Thanks Flipkart ❤️,Monitors,49
26476,1,Good 23.8 inch Hp Monitor. To watch unboxing video watch on YouTube.,Monitors,68
26477,5,This product was good colours was perfected replected,Monitors,53
26478,5,nice,Monitors,4
26479,5,Smart,Monitors,5
26480,4,very nice,Monitors,9
26481,4,Super,Monitors,5
26482,4,"Good, Very slim, i am going to buy one monitor again.",Monitors,53
26483,5,at this price segment this is the best,Monitors,38
26484,5,Very Care full paking... Nice Product,Monitors,37
26485,3,Works very well. Option of blue light filter is really good. Excellent product.,Monitors,79
26486,5,good quality monitor,Monitors,20
26487,5,Very good picture quality ...,Monitors,29
26488,5,looks very premium....,Monitors,22
26489,5,Superb,Monitors,6
26490,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26491,5,Excellent sooperb,Monitors,17
26492,5,It's a good monitor,Monitors,19
26493,5,Super,Monitors,5
26494,5,Very nice,Monitors,9
26495,5,as expected i got the product,Monitors,29
26496,5,Good product,Monitors,12
26497,5,vary varynice,Monitors,13
26498,5,Good,Monitors,4
26499,5,"Using it since a year, bought in 2019 big billion sale under 10k and no issues so far, big screen is fun.",Monitors,105
26500,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26501,5,best monitor,Monitors,12
26502,5,Excellent Product,Monitors,17
26503,5,It's a decent monitor for connecting with laptop and mirroring. It's must go for programmers in a budget cost. It's been year and running smoothly.,Monitors,147
26504,4,Good,Monitors,4
26505,5,"After using it for 2 months. Here's the overall feedback. The monitor looks great, color and brighten is good. Faced on issue so far.",Monitors,133
26506,5,Amazing except one issue no audio port,Monitors,38
26507,5,Just Amazing,Monitors,12
26508,5,Good,Monitors,4
26509,5,This very slim and wonderful hd screen Thanks flipcart,Monitors,54
26510,5,"Good product, beautiful display my the monitor. Only cons is there is no audio port as mentioned in the description",Monitors,115
26511,4,good,Monitors,4
26512,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26513,5,Items are good but delivery is too much late....,Monitors,48
26514,5,Very good,Monitors,9
26515,5,excellent product for programmers,Monitors,33
26516,5,Good,Monitors,4
26517,5,Very good,Monitors,9
26518,5,Very Nice LED,Monitors,13
26519,4,"Awesome screen. Although a bit expensive, but does all your work. Crystal clear. Please be careful while handling",Monitors,113
26520,5,Fabulous Purchase,Monitors,17
26521,5,Best product in quality and price.,Monitors,34
26522,4,I like it,Monitors,9
26523,5,Nice full hd display..👍,Monitors,23
26524,4,Really good product.. Its valuable in this price,Monitors,48
26525,5,Not good at all screen shows lights on the corner,Monitors,49
26526,5,Cool............,Monitors,16
26527,5,good,Monitors,4
26528,5,good,Monitors,4
26529,5,Overall the product is good,Monitors,27
26530,5,The screen is too sensitive and the worse thing is support from the HP team.,Monitors,76
26531,4,Sharp display and very thin monitor. You can buy this monitor when you don't have to move it around as it looks delicate.,Monitors,121
26532,4,"VERY BAD, DISPLAY IS BLURRY, MY MONEY WEST, HOW TO RETURN",Monitors,57
26533,5,Really Good Product,Monitors,19
26534,1,Good,Monitors,4
26535,5,Thanks HP and Flipkart for providing amazing product.  Will recommend this product without any second thought.,Monitors,110
26536,5,Just cool,Monitors,9
26537,5,Nice. Easy fit. Nice packing,Monitors,28
26538,4,Very nice,Monitors,9
26539,1,Best display at this price range. Great for UI development and gaming.,Monitors,70
26540,5,"I have been using this monitor for 15 days now. It is a great monitor in terms of picture quality. The design is also very appealing and different from regular design which is found in most of the monitors. This is 60htz monitor and it can be used for general purpose tasks and light gaming.  I bought this because in Work from Home, I wanted this to use with my laptop which is only 14 inch of screen. I have seen a weird behavior when I connect it with laptop and working as remote desktop I fa...",Monitors,499
26541,1,Looks cool n stylish.,Monitors,21
26542,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26543,4,Great product and can trust HP.,Monitors,31
26544,5,Nice one worth for value,Monitors,24
26545,5,Super,Monitors,5
26546,5,"Worth every penny, I have been using this display from 8 months, it looks great and works perfect. Best buy in this price, very happy with purchase.",Monitors,148
26547,5,Great monitor for all day to day activities. Good for gaming too. Highly recommended product.,Monitors,93
26548,5,Ordered delivered surprisingly in 28 hours. Product quality is Good. Unfortunately the item was not packed. No FlipKart wrapper ..which is very bad. This will lead to get the tampered item...,Monitors,191
26549,5,Excellent,Monitors,9
26550,4,Superb experience value for money. Through HDMI cable video quality is great compare with VGA cable both the cable received with this product but I need to buy extra connector for HDMI cable because the size is not able to connect with my inbuilt connector. Packing is excellent by seller so go for it without any doubt.,Monitors,320
26551,5,Led monitor Display low light problem...... .😥😩😡😡,Monitors,49
26552,5,Love this.,Monitors,10
26553,5,Awesome,Monitors,7
26554,3,Awesome display using with my macbook and s9 Works flawless,Monitors,59
26555,5,Nice quality,Monitors,12
26556,5,Nice product. Delivered in time,Monitors,31
26557,4,This is superb.,Monitors,15
26558,5,Very nice products thnq 👍👍👌👍👍👌👌,Monitors,31
26559,5,"Fast delivery. Very nice product. One point where they can add more value is, by making the height adjustable.",Monitors,110
26560,1,Excellent,Monitors,9
26561,5,Good quality 👌👌,Monitors,15
26562,5,Value for money.,Monitors,16
26563,5,Nice product working good,Monitors,25
26564,4,Received a piece whose warranty period already started a year back. Piece received is new. Serial number on monitor and invoice do not match. I preferred to keep it with 2 more years of warranty pending. Monitor on is good with minimum backlight bleeding.,Monitors,255
26565,5,Really...this is amazing😍👍..,Monitors,28
26566,5,It's an amazing monitor. Got it for Rs. 7200. It's not reflective and colors are great too. Better go for size 24 as 21.5 seems a bit too small.,Monitors,144
26567,5,Sleek and Visually very attractive... and above all HP quality.,Monitors,63
26568,5,"Amazing product, love the quality. The delivery executive was also very humble, and kept the parcel at a safe distance on request, because of The pandemic!!",Monitors,156
26569,5,Such a classic ❤️,Monitors,17
26570,5,Amazing picture quality,Monitors,23
26571,5,Iam happy this product,Monitors,22
26572,5,it is a really good monitor.,Monitors,28
26573,3,Using it since 1 year working fantastic 😃,Monitors,41
26574,5,Wonderful,Monitors,9
26575,5,Beautiful Montor with Best Built quality.,Monitors,41
26576,5,"Picture quality is good. It is very light weight and slim LED display. Comes with Power cable and Adaptor, VDI and HDMI cable, Mettle stand.",Monitors,140
26577,5,The screen is amazing if you're a heavy multimedia consumer. I'm in love! The colours looks way more vibrant than my laptop screen (Lenovo ThinkPad E480).,Monitors,154
26578,5,nice colours nice video editing and photo editing,Monitors,49
26579,5,been a month No problem,Monitors,23
26580,5,Good,Monitors,4
26581,5,It's really nice ..,Monitors,19
26582,5,It's a very good monitor.,Monitors,25
26583,5,Nice quality,Monitors,12
26584,5,Monitor good but height is not adjustable. Reduced one star for that.,Monitors,69
26585,5,Good but we can't adjust height,Monitors,31
26586,5,Supar,Monitors,5
26587,5,Really nice,Monitors,11
26588,5,Fantastic product worth of price,Monitors,32
26589,4,"Good product, satisfied with the quality but packaging is not good! They send the product in a ripped box!!",Monitors,107
26590,5,Awesome monitor.. I really loved it.. worth buying it.,Monitors,54
26591,5,Good display..... accurate time delivery.... looking good,Monitors,57
26592,5,"Wonderful,, Thanks to EKART Logistics for good delivary",Monitors,55
26593,4,Very very nice,Monitors,14
26594,5,Best purchase,Monitors,13
26595,5,Really worth to take this i just love this product. Perfect for my graphic designing work.,Monitors,90
26596,5,Good Product,Monitors,12
26597,5,Superb product n clarity.....prompt delivery...very happy 😀,Monitors,59
26598,5,Amazing product from Hp .. if you're looking for clarity,Monitors,56
26599,5,"Expensive, but worth it.",Monitors,24
26600,5,GOOD PRODUCT BUT THE HDMI CABLE WAS IN BAD CONDITION,Monitors,52
26601,5,Best product,Monitors,12
26602,5,Lovely product,Monitors,14
26603,5,"cons : The screen control options are not very user friendly. To play with brightness and other settings you need to press lot of buttons which i didnt like.  Apart from this i didnt find any issue related to usability , its good monitor for WFH environment with stylish look.",Monitors,276
26604,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26605,5,"Nice product, it is the most using monitor in many shops.ex., mee seva, e-service centers , photography shops...",Monitors,112
26606,5,"Good performing,good picture quality",Monitors,36
26607,5,"Viewing angle is not that great and definitely there's ips glow. Good luck with watching movies at night, you'll barely see anything for night shots.",Monitors,149
26608,5,perfect for me at this price!,Monitors,29
26609,5,excellent,Monitors,9
26610,5,Good product,Monitors,12
26611,4,Nice monitor and it is flexible to work in various color modes,Monitors,62
26612,4,"Its Awesome, and best... Purchased at 9399... Best screen full hd",Monitors,65
26613,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26614,4,its good for whats it worth... and i like the sleekness.. good product..,Monitors,72
26615,4,"Superbb,amazing experience",Monitors,26
26616,3,"Whenever i use this i have headache, it is not good for daliy usage.",Monitors,68
26617,5,Good,Monitors,4
26618,5,monitor dibplay problem,Monitors,23
26619,4,Nice,Monitors,4
26620,4,Looks good,Monitors,10
26621,5,I am not satisfied. Clarity is not good.,Monitors,40
26622,5,Amazing,Monitors,7
26623,4,Best led,Monitors,8
26624,5,Nice..,Monitors,6
26625,1,Very good product,Monitors,17
26626,5,"Nice product. I use it for my office use where i have lots drafting pleading works,,, Recommended for prevent eye damages",Monitors,121
26627,3,Excellent product,Monitors,17
26628,5,Nice product picture qlty,Monitors,25
26629,5,Supper,Monitors,6
26630,2,Simply perfect and Beautiful,Monitors,28
26631,4,Best 1,Monitors,6
26632,4,nice looks,Monitors,10
26633,5,Good,Monitors,4
26634,5,Nice product go for it. If had more budget then would have bought 24 inch.,Monitors,74
26635,5,Good product,Monitors,12
26636,5,Best,Monitors,4
26637,5,excellent product,Monitors,17
26638,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
26639,5,"Good quality product, screen quality is also nice but screen time is too slow",Monitors,77
26640,5,It's nice desktop monitor,Monitors,25
26641,5,Nice screen work faster and sleem beautiful,Monitors,43
26642,5,Nice one,Monitors,8
26643,5,Best purchase guys just go for it you will never regret,Monitors,55
26644,5,It's de beauty n beast ??.,Monitors,26
26645,5,I like it,Monitors,9
26646,5,Very very good,Monitors,14
26647,5,thanks to delivery boy,Monitors,22
26648,4,Good,Monitors,4
26649,5,SUPERB MONITOR EVER SEEN.... NICE TO BUY IT.,Monitors,44
26650,5,Super quality picture and smooth performance. Just go for it.,Monitors,61
26651,4,"One of the best monitor I have ever seen, it's very light weight and slim",Monitors,73
26652,5,Amazing product from HP..... Pictures are crystal clear...Thanks Flipkart 👍,Monitors,75
26653,5,Nice monitor 😄😄😄😄😄😄,Monitors,19
26654,5,not good,Monitors,8
26655,5,very good,Monitors,9
26656,5,super,Monitors,5
26657,5,best result,Monitors,11
26658,4,Amazing product n well packed with care and delivered safely no fault it is working just little problem with installation coz if you're new with wires it's kind a time taking at last thank you Flipkart ☺️,Monitors,204
26659,5,Awesome,Monitors,7
26660,5,if u want look and very slim monitor then this is a good choice but if u want bezel.less design than lg is best.,Monitors,112
26661,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26662,5,awesome product,Monitors,15
26663,1,best,Monitors,4
26664,5,good,Monitors,4
26665,5,Best in this price range..... awesome awesome,Monitors,45
26666,5,VERY nice,Monitors,9
26667,4,No sound No hdr brightness makes sure hurt display and colour is good,Monitors,69
26668,5,super and good,Monitors,14
26669,4,"brilliant , royal look",Monitors,22
26670,5,great thanks,Monitors,12
26671,5,Awesome Product With this Price  I have Bought this Product in DIWALI SALE DISCOUNT OFFER Best performance Awesome IPS Quality Very Satisfy With HP 21.5 inch Full LED Backlit IPS Panel Moniter,Monitors,192
26672,5,good,Monitors,4
26673,5,amazing item,Monitors,12
26674,5,fantasy good,Monitors,12
26675,5,Review after 15 days of usage. Build quality and Screen quality is good.The display reaolution is awsome to watch movies and to play games.Packing was fine.Overall I would suggest the product worth buying.,Monitors,205
26676,3,awesome product,Monitors,15
26677,5,WORTH IT .,Monitors,10
26678,4,super video quality,Monitors,19
26679,5,Very nice monitor.,Monitors,18
26680,5,nice,Monitors,4
26681,5,Great monitor,Monitors,13
26682,4,best product I love it,Monitors,22
26683,5,very nice product and good service,Monitors,34
26684,5,"Awesome, fully worth the price",Monitors,30
26685,5,excellent....Value for money...perfect,Monitors,38
26686,5,good Product,Monitors,12
26687,4,excellent,Monitors,9
26688,5,Excellent👍👍👍,Monitors,12
26689,5,excelent,Monitors,8
26690,5,"Has bleeding from bottom edges, but wont notice unless screen is black. Good color. Ok for the price. using it for 1.5yrs now.",Monitors,126
26691,4,a1 quality no dout about this product you can purchase it this product with your close eyes I used this moniter since 2years it's good👍👍👍👍👍👍,Monitors,140
26692,4,Screen,Monitors,6
26693,4,nice monitor with good color reproduction...,Monitors,44
26694,4,HP not a name It's Premium Brand If You Plan Buy This Monitor Please Go For It Highly recommend I Love HP,Monitors,105
26695,4,always is right,Monitors,15
26696,4,super,Monitors,5
26697,5,awesome monitor .superb,Monitors,23
26698,5,excellent,Monitors,9
26699,3,nice moniter buying13999,Monitors,24
26700,5,very very nice product,Monitors,22
26701,5,Product is best quality and effective mind blowing experience,Monitors,61
26702,5,nice,Monitors,4
26703,5,Good,Monitors,4
26704,5,super this monitor,Monitors,18
26705,5,beyond the expectation...,Monitors,25
26706,4,super performance,Monitors,17
26707,5,osame products,Monitors,14
26708,4,Nice product price is very good if we purchasing through HDFC debit card,Monitors,72
26709,5,good,Monitors,4
26710,5,That nice,Monitors,9
26711,5,nice,Monitors,4
26712,5,good product*****,Monitors,17
26713,5,good product,Monitors,12
26714,5,Nice and so beautiful and nice contrast also,Monitors,44
26715,5,best in class and value for money. go for it,Monitors,44
26716,5,osm,Monitors,3
26717,5,loved it,Monitors,8
26718,5,"best product must go.... but i suffered from 2 probs 1 the package was very much big ( for more safety) but my delivery boy cant reach me so i if i need the prodct i wnt to go to my nearest hub pro no.2 got backlight bleeding in left bottom corner but only a litle bit ... should find some sollution i m recommending tis monitor best for gaming , photoshop nd video edting Loved it 🤩✨✨",Monitors,385
26719,4,excellent moniter looking stylish also add your cabin a cool look.,Monitors,66
26720,5,awesome,Monitors,7
26721,5,Fantastic Product Thanks Flipkart,Monitors,33
26722,5,I got it at RS 6500 . very good design .,Monitors,40
26723,5,thanks🙏🙇,Monitors,8
26724,5,good monitor,Monitors,12
26725,5,excellent product,Monitors,17
26726,5,Ultimate Product!! Amazing Display!!,Monitors,36
26727,5,good product,Monitors,12
26728,5,awesome orignal led received. great experience with flipkart. u can buy without any distraction.,Monitors,96
26729,5,good,Monitors,4
26730,5,very good,Monitors,9
26731,5,good,Monitors,4
26732,5,Good. Looking,Monitors,13
26733,5,nice product,Monitors,12
26734,5,super quality thanks Flipkart,Monitors,29
26735,5,"best product , thabks to flipkart",Monitors,33
26736,5,"The product is good and has no defects but the description says that it has an onsite warranty of 3 years. So despite buying the monitor in November 2019, the start date of the product warranty is that of July 2019 that means there's only 34 months of the warranty remaining I have not received a brand new product.",Monitors,315
26737,5,Amazing pc go for it,Monitors,20
26738,5,satisfied,Monitors,9
26739,5,Super,Monitors,5
26740,4,"Just Amazing Product, Best Product of this Value",Monitors,48
26741,5,Just ok .....,Monitors,13
26742,5,ex client produced,Monitors,18
26743,4,good monitor and Ips panel very nice,Monitors,36
26744,5,best purchase of the year,Monitors,25
26745,3,normal display nothing special... colours are little faint,Monitors,58
26746,5,Nice product... i recommend to buy this product... awesome sir...!!,Monitors,67
26747,5,awesome product quality...i am really with the product i have..,Monitors,63
26748,5,Packing was sooooo good...... Value for money....... the quality of this moniter is looking like a premium moniter........... and the display was exlent,Monitors,152
26749,5,GOOD PRODUCT,Monitors,12
26750,2,nice,Monitors,4
26751,5,very good product thanks filpkart,Monitors,33
26752,5,Super monitor,Monitors,13
26753,5,supper quality I'm happy,Monitors,24
26754,3,best product but delayed many days to delivers,Monitors,46
26755,5,Very nice LCD product,Monitors,21
26756,5,as specified that there is a USB slot in IPS but their is no USB slot and also there is no audio output slot,Monitors,108
26757,5,"100% value for money, it's very good product",Monitors,44
26758,5,awsome,Monitors,6
26759,3,Hp monitor Led good products,Monitors,28
26760,5,good product,Monitors,12
26761,4,superb,Monitors,6
26762,5,"It's a really slim lcd (led backlit) monitor, it looks gorgeous, all the colours look vibrant, it's got various display modes (which can be selected via monitor setting or through hp app), screens got a matte finish (not the glossy type), bezels are nearly non existent on 3 sides (except for the chin) overall it's a great monitor 😊",Monitors,333
26763,4,good,Monitors,4
26764,5,best display....! best build quality....! best monitor ever.....!,Monitors,65
26765,1,As usual... Flipkart rocks...!!!,Monitors,32
26766,5,Good Products,Monitors,13
26767,5,Picture calarity good but speakers not given that's y I'm giving 4 stars other wiser it's 5star rating product,Monitors,110
26768,5,amazing love you Flipkart,Monitors,25
26769,5,"Excellent monitor, looking very nice, all colours r 2 good,full hd experience, but little bit screen breeding problem when screen on time.over all good product.",Monitors,160
26770,5,Awesome quality and best product at this price range.. Superb 👌👌,Monitors,64
26771,5,Best display panel ever bought,Monitors,30
26772,5,"Awesome Monitor ever, giving lot of interest to work with it...",Monitors,63
26773,5,superb fit and finish awesome,Monitors,29
26774,5,very nice,Monitors,9
26775,5,good product,Monitors,12
26776,4,good product,Monitors,12
26777,5,nice,Monitors,4
26778,5,Awesome product,Monitors,15
26779,5,Satisfied with the purchase.,Monitors,28
26780,5,So grate value for money and I am so happy!,Monitors,43
26781,5,Good,Monitors,4
26782,5,good quality,Monitors,12
26783,5,amazing display,Monitors,15
26784,5,it's good to work with this monitor,Monitors,35
26785,5,mind blowing product...,Monitors,23
26786,5,excilent ....very good product,Monitors,30
26787,4,Good piece,Monitors,10
26788,5,Perfect,Monitors,7
26789,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
26790,5,This product is very excellent. Thanks for flipkart.,Monitors,52
26791,5,This is the best in class model for gaming and animation,Monitors,56
26792,5,Good monitor and good display,Monitors,29
26793,4,I've purchased it... unfortunately that was a defective product. then I replaced it and now it working very well.,Monitors,113
26794,5,nice,Monitors,4
26795,5,Display quality is good,Monitors,23
26796,5,Wow prodct,Monitors,10
26797,5,good quality,Monitors,12
26798,5,Recommended to Buy,Monitors,18
26799,5,this product is very hood,Monitors,25
26800,5,very good,Monitors,9
26801,5,"worth buy, go for it.",Monitors,21
26802,4,Superb quality,Monitors,14
26803,5,supr,Monitors,4
26804,5,nice good product 👌👌👌👌,Monitors,22
26805,5,Awesome product . Thanks again flipkart . Fast delivery from Ekart logistics .. I bought only rs 7199/-,Monitors,103
26806,5,excellent display good nice product thank for Flipkart...,Monitors,57
26807,5,super! I love it this price of product in Flipkart!,Monitors,51
26808,5,very nice product..very good resolution,Monitors,39
26809,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26810,5,Product I recieved is not so best its stand is loose and there is a gap in between screen and plastic in bottom.  otherwise the product is awsome producing vibrant colors,Monitors,170
26811,5,Good display,Monitors,12
26812,5,Perfect monitor,Monitors,15
26813,5,Awesome display quality really liked it,Monitors,39
26814,5,very beautiful product 👍I am happy thank you for Flipkart👌👌👌👌,Monitors,61
26815,5,glorious product and we can enjoy playing 4k UHD Video,Monitors,54
26816,5,i can use this monitor for PS4 pro and xbox one x good product for this price 60hz panel led ips display was so good u can buy this monitor for sure with a budget pc,Monitors,165
26817,5,awesome product...very fast deliverd...thanx Flipkart...,Monitors,56
26818,5,super product,Monitors,13
26819,4,"extraordinary, mind blowing, looking and clarity. without second thought go for it",Monitors,82
26820,5,Supper Quality,Monitors,14
26821,5,no words it's very nice,Monitors,23
26822,5,super monitor,Monitors,13
26823,5,"better resolution 1920 x 1080 22sec. respond,. looking good",Monitors,59
26824,5,value for money,Monitors,15
26825,5,"Simply one word...""AWESOME?"". Gud in all prospective. Superb luks.....sexy item yar.....mja aa gya",Monitors,98
26826,5,superb,Monitors,6
26827,5,delivery boy is not good but installation was so nice nice product,Monitors,66
26828,5,Nice one,Monitors,8
26829,5,Very good product.,Monitors,18
26830,5,EXCELLENT,Monitors,9
26831,5,Lookswise its just awesome... Display is pretty good... Looks pretty sharp...,Monitors,77
26832,5,Go for Hp. best service center they have and value for money,Monitors,60
26833,4,nice super monitor,Monitors,18
26834,5,it's amazing display,Monitors,20
26835,5,superb quality and easy to manage..,Monitors,35
26836,5,"very slim, excellent colors, nice feel and look.",Monitors,48
26837,5,Thank you,Monitors,9
26838,5,Nice,Monitors,4
26839,5,Monitor is best quality but VGA cable pin damaged,Monitors,49
26840,5,best monitor,Monitors,12
26841,5,excellent LED in this range.,Monitors,28
26842,4,Great product ... satisfied,Monitors,27
26843,1,Display quality is too good. Good it for 6.9K in big billion days,Monitors,65
26844,5,Thanks to flipcart. excellent HP Monitor. i like and go for it 100 %,Monitors,68
26845,5,Must Buy,Monitors,8
26846,5,This monitor is amazing. I am using this for my Okey Ravi YouTube channel video editing.  awesome thank you.,Monitors,108
26847,5,fantastic.....eye catching,Monitors,26
26848,4,good product,Monitors,12
26849,5,Smart performance. I am happy,Monitors,29
26850,5,very nicely delivered & the product looks awesome & works grt. value for money,Monitors,78
26851,5,Best in the price point..,Monitors,25
26852,5,I am just happy with that monitor...😍,Monitors,37
26853,5,H P stands for its brand.  Good picture quality and Colors.,Monitors,59
26854,5,awsm prdct 👍👍👌👌,Monitors,15
26855,5,good color depth,Monitors,16
26856,5,beautiful design. good one.,Monitors,27
26857,5,"Awesome Product!! But only drawback, it can not be wall mounted.",Monitors,64
26858,5,Awesome!,Monitors,8
26859,5,nice product,Monitors,12
26860,5,Good Product,Monitors,12
26861,5,super and best quality product,Monitors,30
26862,5,"osm quality, delivered within 1 day .tq flipkart .",Monitors,50
26863,5,Woo-ho super... Thats amazing,Monitors,29
26864,5,"Best in class, it's been 2.5 years since I am using this product and i am very happy with its performance.",Monitors,106
26865,5,❤️❤️❤️ loved it,Monitors,15
26866,4,great product,Monitors,13
26867,5,Wow,Monitors,3
26868,5,built quality is pathetic or i might got a defective piece.the side panel has gaps here and there.,Monitors,98
26869,5,nice for budget,Monitors,15
26870,4,very nice,Monitors,9
26871,5,"wonderful product.Very happy with look, clarity and response",Monitors,60
26872,5,awesome.,Monitors,8
26873,5,nice,Monitors,4
26874,5,very good product thank u flipkart thank uuu,Monitors,44
26875,5,HP is always the best. Awesome clarity n features as available in HD TV,Monitors,71
26876,5,anti glare = we can not see our face in screen like mirror .... these gives good clarity .... stylist look got it for 8399 sep 2019 dont think too much buy it... you will not regreat,Monitors,182
26877,2,"wow what a product, excellent monitor display result",Monitors,52
26878,5,The product quality is good,Monitors,27
26879,5,Nice monitor...,Monitors,15
26880,5,Product in good quality/ value for money/good looking/ colour code seems good/ perfect 👌🏼 package 📦 / // there is small gap Between the screen and plastic panel at top portion.,Monitors,176
26881,5,Amazing Product From HP....!!!love it❤️,Monitors,39
26882,5,Nice LED,Monitors,8
26883,5,Superb Quality,Monitors,14
26884,5,Gorgeous Display💯,Monitors,17
26885,5,nice work good product,Monitors,22
26886,5,it was an good product,Monitors,22
26887,5,good quality hp monitor 😀,Monitors,25
26888,5,Working really smooth.,Monitors,22
26889,3,good display to work on,Monitors,23
26890,5,good,Monitors,4
26891,5,Good Monitor Thanks Flipcart & seller,Monitors,37
26892,5,owesome,Monitors,7
26893,5,bill guality nice and monitor very giod,Monitors,39
26894,5,amazing monitor....... lets buy it,Monitors,34
26895,5,good prodect,Monitors,12
26896,5,this is very good computer,Monitors,26
26897,5,very slim and crisp clarity,Monitors,27
26898,5,Loved it. 😍😍,Monitors,12
26899,5,The Product is Awesome also thanks flipkart for fast delivery....,Monitors,65
26900,4,good,Monitors,4
26901,5,good product no complaints good packing excellent features,Monitors,58
26902,5,super quality,Monitors,13
26903,4,best,Monitors,4
26904,5,"works fine, was able to connect my laptop using HDMI cable.",Monitors,59
26905,5,"8 month user. i found it worth buying. i got whatever expected. till now never got any trouble so, thankfully cant comment on after sale services.",Monitors,146
26906,5,good product,Monitors,12
26907,5,nic,Monitors,3
26908,5,look and finishing is good. no audio output ports. brought for 7200,Monitors,67
26909,5,excellent product,Monitors,17
26910,5,hp 21.5 inchs full hd ips panel very good picture quality .,Monitors,59
26911,5,love this monitor look and style...I really recommend this,Monitors,58
26912,5,Nice Product Executive Delevry Staff...,Monitors,39
26913,5,Wonderful....very good resolution...value for money,Monitors,51
26914,5,it's very slim like children's slate.,Monitors,37
26915,5,good&fast delivery,Monitors,18
26916,4,nice quality display,Monitors,20
26917,5,good product,Monitors,12
26918,5,display quality is very poor,Monitors,28
26919,4,"happy with the product. The looks and design is awesome. only drawback is no speaker but at this price point, u cannot complain. 😁",Monitors,130
26920,5,Excellent Monitor,Monitors,17
26921,5,this product is verry good thanks Flipkart,Monitors,42
26922,4,super..... good👍.....,Monitors,21
26923,4,excellent product.satisfied,Monitors,27
26924,4,xllent,Monitors,6
26925,5,very nice product,Monitors,17
26926,5,awesome monitor with great picture quality. look is superb. I loved it.,Monitors,71
26927,1,Super product nice quality,Monitors,26
26928,5,this monitor change my thinking.... it's really good. really nice picture quality.....nice looking....... IT'S PERFECT,Monitors,118
26929,5,"It is good product..with ips display ..it can help to secure our eyes, when we are working on computer... Rate is also lower than market.. It is affordable product, and was dispatched securly...",Monitors,194
26930,5,"excellent, superb",Monitors,17
26931,4,awesome,Monitors,7
26932,5,Good one worth for money,Monitors,24
26933,3,Fantastic....,Monitors,13
26934,5,the monitor is good but the I got curshed but mointer is good,Monitors,61
26935,5,good,Monitors,4
26936,5,Amazing,Monitors,7
26937,5,awayaome product.,Monitors,17
26938,5,good one,Monitors,8
26939,5,good,Monitors,4
26940,5,really good monitor worth the cost,Monitors,34
26941,5,Best n quality product,Monitors,22
26942,5,Good product,Monitors,12
26943,5,gud,Monitors,3
26944,5,Awesome resolution,Monitors,18
26945,5,Superb,Monitors,6
26946,5,its amezing ...thanks flipkart .....😊,Monitors,37
26947,4,"it's good in performance and quality,",Monitors,37
26948,4,good.,Monitors,5
26949,5,Its just awesome display and quality,Monitors,36
26950,5,excellent product,Monitors,17
26951,5,Outstanding,Monitors,11
26952,5,good,Monitors,4
26953,5,defictive product,Monitors,17
26954,5,nice product,Monitors,12
26955,5,Very good and delivery is so nice.,Monitors,34
26956,5,Best Monitor ever used. HD Display and great colours. Cool for home and office purpose.,Monitors,87
26957,5,Good product,Monitors,12
26958,5,very good product,Monitors,17
26959,5,product is very good,Monitors,20
26960,5,super,Monitors,5
26961,5,value for money,Monitors,15
26962,1,Best,Monitors,4
26963,5,Best product well packing,Monitors,25
26964,5,awesome i purchased rs 7400,Monitors,27
26965,5,"i am lucky to purchase this product..i recommend to customer not to think over the product because it is really good product. i am Nirmal from Pilkhana,Maniknagar,Murshidabad.",Monitors,175
26966,5,Excellent Product,Monitors,17
26967,5,Awesome product... I'm satisfied for Monitor display,Monitors,52
26968,5,omg awesome,Monitors,11
26969,5,Very nice. Clarity is so good.. Glammer look..,Monitors,46
26970,5,its a definitely class product,Monitors,30
26971,5,well priced and wonder full product,Monitors,35
26972,5,feeling better after using this. nice and good looking metal body,Monitors,65
26973,5,perfect for gaming,Monitors,18
26974,4,great monitor in this price range. Got it for 8199,Monitors,50
26975,5,wonderful. go ahead without a doubt.,Monitors,36
26976,4,"Excellent product from HP, awesome features like bezeless display, thin LCD panel , and HD resolution makes this monitor perfect.",Monitors,129
26977,5,Excellent.,Monitors,10
26978,5,super product. A screen protect sticker on screen glass. Don't know remove it or not?,Monitors,85
26979,5,"very good one ,superb clarity",Monitors,29
26980,4,osm,Monitors,3
26981,5,good,Monitors,4
26982,4,nice product full HD,Monitors,20
26983,5,"Can't differentiate between dark shades of blue and black. colour separation of dark colours are poor. don't know if it's a particular piece issue. Not recommended for display centric works, for regular use it's nice.",Monitors,217
26984,5,good monitor but does have audio speakers or port,Monitors,49
26985,4,"awesome product, can go blindly .",Monitors,33
26986,5,outstanding I love it,Monitors,21
26987,5,"Good for watching videos, browsing Not recommended for for gaming",Monitors,65
26988,5,"Awesome products.. I get the product by 6,500rs...worth for money",Monitors,65
26989,5,"beautiful design, crisp & clear display",Monitors,39
26990,5,Amazing product! Best monitor to increase your productivity,Monitors,59
26991,5,Awesome,Monitors,7
26992,4,good product,Monitors,12
26993,4,product is very ..........good,Monitors,30
26994,5,Work great for me. Exactly what I am looking for.,Monitors,49
26995,5,really super design value for best monitor,Monitors,42
26996,4,Very good product...go for it....fully satisfied from all side,Monitors,62
26997,5,Awesomeee moniter must buy,Monitors,26
26998,4,best pic quilty.,Monitors,16
26999,5,This is the best monitor for graphic design purpose. gives me the feeling of Mac.,Monitors,81
27000,5,great display,Monitors,13
27001,5,I m loved it.. Awsome led for my pc,Monitors,35
27002,5,Superb quality... Outstanding display.. And good looking too,Monitors,60
27003,5,I like it,Monitors,9
27004,4,Excellent Product.,Monitors,18
27005,5,nice,Monitors,4
27006,4,super,Monitors,5
27007,4,Good Price,Monitors,10
27008,5,Good looking,Monitors,12
27009,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27010,5,Good,Monitors,4
27011,5,best one in the price range,Monitors,27
27012,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
27013,5,good product 👍👌👌😁👌👌👌,Monitors,20
27014,5,nice,Monitors,4
27015,5,Really happy with this monitor.... Picture quality istoo good Full HD,Monitors,69
27016,5,product little damage dp port not here,Monitors,38
27017,4,Very good product,Monitors,17
27018,5,locking so nice,Monitors,15
27019,4,nice,Monitors,4
27020,4,good product........,Monitors,20
27021,4,very bad experience send damage piece,Monitors,37
27022,5,Best in quality....,Monitors,19
27023,3,Very good product meet all expectation.,Monitors,39
27024,5,"Better service flipkart, amaizing product.... nice offer....",Monitors,60
27025,1,good,Monitors,4
27026,4,excellent product in this price.,Monitors,32
27027,4,excellent...,Monitors,12
27028,5,very nice display quality ..,Monitors,28
27029,5,a one quality display awesome,Monitors,29
27030,1,Amagin very good display,Monitors,24
27031,5,value for money,Monitors,15
27032,5,"it is an excellent product that I ever used ,good picture clarity,gaming,photo editions and graphics",Monitors,100
27033,5,nice tft 😘😘,Monitors,11
27034,5,Product good but Flipcart time not availed itom,Monitors,47
27035,5,Superb Display. Larger &sleeker than I expected. Eyecatching design. Good for graphic designing and all other multimedia purposes.... and also superfast delivery from team Flipkart.... Convey my thanks.,Monitors,202
27036,5,wow...,Monitors,6
27037,5,Awesome product..,Monitors,17
27038,5,overheating,Monitors,11
27039,4,Very good product. My experience so far is good.,Monitors,48
27040,4,clear picture quality....,Monitors,25
27041,5,Best,Monitors,4
27042,5,Good one but price slightly on the higher side,Monitors,46
27043,5,NICE PRODUCT,Monitors,12
27044,4,Product was good,Monitors,16
27045,4,Amazing product,Monitors,15
27046,5,ultra slim product very good,Monitors,28
27047,3,Nice product,Monitors,12
27048,5,Thank You,Monitors,9
27049,5,Gd,Monitors,2
27050,5,So nice monitor. nice packing .,Monitors,31
27051,4,Nice product at Nice price too good and slim,Monitors,44
27052,5,Slim,Monitors,4
27053,5,Good product..,Monitors,14
27054,4,Very good,Monitors,9
27055,5,slim light weight and good booking edge side,Monitors,44
27056,5,nice,Monitors,4
27057,5,Always superb,Monitors,13
27058,5,very good monitor,Monitors,17
27059,5,can't believe this beauty with all specs in this price . worth every penny,Monitors,74
27060,5,super,Monitors,5
27061,5,Working Is A Excellent Job,Monitors,26
27062,5,Simply awesome,Monitors,14
27063,4,it is good to watch movies. colors are good. like most of the ips displays it is not free from backlight bleed,Monitors,110
27064,5,excellent product in all respects.,Monitors,34
27065,5,Good Product,Monitors,12
27066,5,good quality superb,Monitors,19
27067,5,super,Monitors,5
27068,5,Good product. Value for money. Looks great.,Monitors,43
27069,4,awesome ❤️❤️❤️❤️,Monitors,16
27070,5,fabulous purchase!!!,Monitors,20
27071,5,superb,Monitors,6
27072,4,great visual,Monitors,12
27073,5,very fast delivery...thanks flipkart Slim monitor. picture quality very good,Monitors,76
27074,4,there is no USB port ...,Monitors,24
27075,5,I love this monitor.... 😍,Monitors,25
27076,5,feel comfortable look nice,Monitors,26
27077,5,great,Monitors,5
27078,4,Excillent Product....,Monitors,21
27079,5,good screen good experience ok flip.delivery....,Monitors,48
27080,5,Excellent Monitor,Monitors,17
27081,5,A very nice product. Quick delivery & good looking monitor,Monitors,58
27082,5,good once,Monitors,9
27083,1,super display tq flipcart ...but delivery nooooooot good veeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyy bad,Monitors,91
27084,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27085,5,very sexy . worth money,Monitors,23
27086,5,really. amazing,Monitors,15
27087,5,Very Nice,Monitors,9
27088,4,pic quality awesome....looking is so good....,Monitors,45
27089,4,Very nice product as per brand SAMSUNG . & packing of products is very nice,Monitors,75
27090,5,very good pic quality,Monitors,21
27091,5,"The first order was broken, but flipkart returned and again freshened then got a good product. . Thank you Flipkart for return broken product. And this led monitor is awesome. Full HD are Mind blowing and they got VGA and HDMI Cable.",Monitors,233
27092,5,thanks to flipkart for delivering it before time and about hp product quality is too good...,Monitors,92
27093,5,very nice product.....,Monitors,22
27094,5,this product is verry good,Monitors,26
27095,5,excellent.... speed,Monitors,19
27096,4,good performance,Monitors,16
27097,5,"Looks simply superb , very thin panel . Very vivid in display looks fantastic",Monitors,77
27098,5,awesome,Monitors,7
27099,5,good,Monitors,4
27100,4,awesome - awesome. unimaginably thin. crisp display. awesome colors. i am using this for my ps4 and believe me it is simply mindblowing display,Monitors,143
27101,5,Not a good..waste of money,Monitors,26
27102,5,Full hd video 80% display not clearance view,Monitors,44
27103,4,Superb.,Monitors,7
27104,5,super quality,Monitors,13
27105,4,Not worthy,Monitors,10
27106,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
27107,5,Awesome display but little bit costly,Monitors,37
27108,4,Best,Monitors,4
27109,5,Awesome. Sexy design.,Monitors,21
27110,1,Amazing all things,Monitors,18
27111,4,Display awsome... looks very premium..,Monitors,38
27112,4,super working fine,Monitors,18
27113,5,Defected product,Monitors,16
27114,1,I'm satisfied. Delivery so fast.,Monitors,32
27115,5,good,Monitors,4
27116,4,"monitor is super cool , you can use it as a extended monitor and cannot be used as a TV since there is no sound output . It's a LCD and not a led panel",Monitors,151
27117,5,good product.,Monitors,13
27118,5,superb,Monitors,6
27119,5,good,Monitors,4
27120,5,very good product this is the best product,Monitors,42
27121,5,Excellent display.... Super built quality... Awesome picture quality...,Monitors,71
27122,1,excellent,Monitors,9
27123,3,classic,Monitors,7
27124,5,thanks for Flipkart,Monitors,19
27125,5,Thinnest LED ever seen....,Monitors,26
27126,5,"best and worth for money, rich look",Monitors,35
27127,5,waaaw jast amazing,Monitors,18
27128,5,"Very good monitor, super thin and bezel free design.",Monitors,52
27129,5,lk thise product,Monitors,16
27130,5,Superb Monitor Value for money product..,Monitors,40
27131,5,Very good,Monitors,9
27132,5,no words . just love it ...,Monitors,27
27133,5,"Really amazing with full high definition and slim ips panel, worth",Monitors,66
27134,5,very good product...sleek and easy to install. no issues with product but seller has charged 28% as against 18%Gst. waiting for a explanation from seller.,Monitors,154
27135,4,Monitor is best but ... deliverd not on my address. Self collected by ecart office..,Monitors,84
27136,5,nic,Monitors,3
27137,5,Very good monitor. very lightweight.,Monitors,36
27138,5,amazing produced and very stylish...,Monitors,36
27139,5,Iam using it for gaming purposes 2018. Games are working perfectly for me I am recommending for those how looking for low cost gaming monitor,Monitors,141
27140,5,good buy :)😊,Monitors,12
27141,5,"very fast delivery,product is good,im disappointed packaging this product",Monitors,73
27142,4,Very good monitor.,Monitors,18
27143,2,Great LED monitor.. Picture quality is just wow.. Hassle free installation.. Highly recommended.,Monitors,96
27144,5,Best Display from hp and looking so stylish and slim,Monitors,52
27145,5,Very Nice product,Monitors,17
27146,5,Totally awesome!!! just go for it.,Monitors,34
27147,5,letters are thin. superb.,Monitors,25
27148,5,super LED,Monitors,9
27149,5,it's good for this price range,Monitors,30
27150,5,Sleek and beautiful,Monitors,19
27151,5,It looks awesome as well as great pictures quality!,Monitors,51
27152,5,"Good product, value for money",Monitors,29
27153,5,Fully satisfied,Monitors,15
27154,5,very nice product and very fast delivery.. but product packaging is poor.,Monitors,73
27155,5,VERY Nice,Monitors,9
27156,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27157,5,very good display,Monitors,17
27158,4,Good,Monitors,4
27159,5,good,Monitors,4
27160,5,"not compatible with intel dual core, my old lg monitor is very much compatible, but this hp monitor lags & strucks often. slows down my Pc speed also, But works flawlessly when connected to high end processor.",Monitors,209
27161,4,good one,Monitors,8
27162,5,good product go for it,Monitors,22
27163,5,branded Quality....i liked ips led hp 22es,Monitors,42
27164,5,good lcd,Monitors,8
27165,5,gorgeous! ♥️ ... amazingly fast delivery by Flipkart.,Monitors,53
27166,5,must buy,Monitors,8
27167,4,superr.....look..nyzz,Monitors,21
27168,4,Amazing product...,Monitors,18
27169,1,Cost worthy product.,Monitors,20
27170,5,i m satisfied with this product,Monitors,31
27171,5,"Good product, but how to use it for TV",Monitors,38
27172,5,Good,Monitors,4
27173,5,V.Good Quality monitor.,Monitors,23
27174,5,this price is very good product . I'm setisfied this product and thanks flipcart,Monitors,80
27175,5,Good,Monitors,4
27176,5,super,Monitors,5
27177,5,Brilliant Display ??,Monitors,20
27178,5,you have given me 2 thousand expensive. Not a good deal,Monitors,55
27179,5,Display is good,Monitors,15
27180,4,nice awesome,Monitors,12
27181,4,Nice product at this price range,Monitors,32
27182,4,classic product,Monitors,15
27183,4,"awesome product and very good picture quality,i just simply love this product",Monitors,77
27184,5,quality was to good.....,Monitors,24
27185,5,Quick delivery...Good product..,Monitors,31
27186,5,mind blowing....,Monitors,16
27187,5,I am very Happy to this product and I got this one very best offer. Thanks flipkart,Monitors,83
27188,4,Wonder full monitor @ best price and thanks filpkart for fast delivery,Monitors,70
27189,4,looking marvelous and feels premium,Monitors,35
27190,5,nice looking very good product,Monitors,30
27191,5,Very nice picture quality slim design and it has an attractive look with the silver finish at the bottom.,Monitors,105
27192,5,Super,Monitors,5
27193,5,Excellent,Monitors,9
27194,5,Excellent Screen. Go for it. Bought this product at Rs.6902 at Diwali sale,Monitors,74
27195,5,excellent,Monitors,9
27196,5,"Excellent Picture quality wooooooowwwwwwww , I am satisfied with this product",Monitors,77
27197,5,first day review - impressive quality... must buy..,Monitors,51
27198,5,Good buy for entry level Full HD monitor. works wonders.,Monitors,56
27199,5,excellent monitor,Monitors,17
27200,5,"Excellent monitor for this price range. The panel is the slimest and the display quality is mind-blowing. Full HD content are a treat to your eyes. No blurs or pixel drops in full HD, but observed some while playing Blu-ray content.  A definite and undoubted recommend product.  Will give full review after some days of use",Monitors,323
27201,5,I'm fully satisfied of this product...,Monitors,38
27202,5,Good item,Monitors,9
27203,5,display good but vga cable is damaged.,Monitors,38
27204,4,best,Monitors,4
27205,5,awesome....,Monitors,11
27206,5,Simply awesome!!,Monitors,16
27207,5,Superior quality and elegant design. Of course value for money. I purchased it @7399 during Big Billion Day sales.,Monitors,114
27208,5,supper,Monitors,6
27209,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27210,5,Good product.,Monitors,13
27211,5,superb display quality,Monitors,22
27212,3,HDMI CABLE IS NOT WORKING,Monitors,25
27213,4,Fabulous display 😍,Monitors,18
27214,4,poor quality product,Monitors,20
27215,5,good,Monitors,4
27216,5,"Received in good condition, Superb monitor. worth it. 😊",Monitors,55
27217,5,awsm product..ultra thin display with high picture quality..ty flipkart for d best product..,Monitors,92
27218,5,Good product for hp monitor 21.5,Monitors,32
27219,5,Excellent product,Monitors,17
27220,5,good,Monitors,4
27221,3,Good,Monitors,4
27222,5,it's awesome graphics quality is very good,Monitors,42
27223,1,Best,Monitors,4
27224,5,Looking fabulous.,Monitors,17
27225,5,Excellent product with amazing price....it’s a great buy....thanks flipkart 🤘🏻,Monitors,78
27226,5,wonderful slim design and unbelievable picture quality nice product,Monitors,67
27227,5,gud product .. but packing was worst by flipkart,Monitors,48
27228,5,good,Monitors,4
27229,5,best and the beast ! best for gaming 😍😍😊,Monitors,40
27230,4,really very Good display quality worth of money thanQ Flipkart,Monitors,62
27231,5,god,Monitors,3
27232,5,very nice product thanks flipkart,Monitors,33
27233,5,thank-you flipcart.... very nice smaller..... sp..... i love this....,Monitors,69
27234,5,The best monitor in this price segment. Blindly go for it. Giving it 4 stars only for delayed delivery.,Monitors,103
27235,5,Nice product and packing at this price Rs. 7999,Monitors,47
27236,5,superb monitor,Monitors,14
27237,5,it's amazing it's very very beautiful,Monitors,37
27238,5,Good satisfaction,Monitors,17
27239,5,this is good,Monitors,12
27240,4,amazing !!,Monitors,10
27241,5,very beautiful and elegant peace of art.,Monitors,40
27242,5,I am out of words. I was worried how would the delivery department take care of this fragile thing. After all it’s the slimmest in the world. It was packed so well to make it shock proof.  The product is without a doubt 100% genuine.,Monitors,233
27243,4,super picture quality....,Monitors,25
27244,4,Awesome Delivery by Flipkart on time and One of the best display ever seen in this budget,Monitors,89
27245,5,best offer price,Monitors,16
27246,5,Good,Monitors,4
27247,5,"slim sleek, perfect angle view. with to but @8299",Monitors,49
27248,4,Good quality,Monitors,12
27249,5,Wonderful,Monitors,9
27250,5,Good,Monitors,4
27251,5,so far so good....everything is working smoothly... picture quality is quite up to the par on this price range..... i would recommend to buy... go for it,Monitors,153
27252,5,Very good monitor.....,Monitors,22
27253,5,"excellent product , very quick delivery",Monitors,39
27254,5,good,Monitors,4
27255,5,superb product. value for money. looks like Apple desktop 🤭,Monitors,59
27256,4,Nice product but price is high...,Monitors,33
27257,5,product is genuine,Monitors,18
27258,5,Nice product. Good working👍,Monitors,27
27259,5,Very nice monotor,Monitors,17
27260,5,working is super,Monitors,16
27261,4,nice product,Monitors,12
27262,4,excellent product i am really happy,Monitors,35
27263,5,super,Monitors,5
27264,5,Very good quality....Audio output for hdmi would have made it perfect..,Monitors,71
27265,5,"prompt service by flipkart , packaging also very well , thanks",Monitors,62
27266,5,Hp monitor size is good with 1920*1080 . But the color quality lacks a lot. You cant expect a high quality.,Monitors,107
27267,4,Very nice monitor,Monitors,17
27268,4,it's amazing,Monitors,12
27269,5,Happy,Monitors,5
27270,5,Excellent picture quality and ultra slim design.,Monitors,48
27271,5,Excellent display! Go for it without second thought. Writing the review after 2 months of use.,Monitors,94
27272,5,Super looking monitor for apple MacBook Air.,Monitors,44
27273,5,Amazing Display..,Monitors,17
27274,5,it's a amazing product,Monitors,22
27275,3,nice products nice result,Monitors,25
27276,5,it's nice always shop on flip kart,Monitors,34
27277,5,excellent product.,Monitors,18
27278,5,worst product,Monitors,13
27279,5,"Very good packing and i have installed it working nice, very good product",Monitors,73
27280,5,bad quality,Monitors,11
27281,5,uniqe quality. thank you flipkart,Monitors,33
27282,5,very nice product in A very short delivery time ...,Monitors,51
27283,5,"Highly recommended. Awesome display. Nice product. Must buy. Slimmest, I never seen before.",Monitors,91
27284,5,good,Monitors,4
27285,5,super,Monitors,5
27286,5,This is a awesome product.,Monitors,26
27287,1,very good monitor,Monitors,17
27288,5,ok Thanks,Monitors,9
27289,1,best product,Monitors,12
27290,5,woow amezing i love it my brother also buy 2 hp moniter it is great i give 5 star,Monitors,81
27291,5,Best monitor,Monitors,12
27292,5,Worth it product,Monitors,16
27293,3,Very good quality and awesome display,Monitors,37
27294,5,high quality awesome product ... go for it,Monitors,42
27295,5,very good delivery and very good quality,Monitors,40
27296,5,hp is always best in led,Monitors,24
27297,5,Just loving the overall experience of using this monitor.,Monitors,57
27298,5,thank flipkart n very nice monitor...,Monitors,37
27299,5,nice,Monitors,4
27300,4,Great viewing angles. Vivid display. Overall a great monitor at price ₹8100.,Monitors,76
27301,5,Nice look Nice product,Monitors,22
27302,5,nice monitor,Monitors,12
27303,5,nice,Monitors,4
27304,5,avesome product,Monitors,15
27305,5,"Awesome product,Mind blowing performance",Monitors,40
27306,4,Stunning..Go for it,Monitors,19
27307,5,nice,Monitors,4
27308,4,Very good,Monitors,9
27309,5,great delivery and outstanding look..,Monitors,37
27310,5,Fabulous,Monitors,8
27311,4,"Amazing clarity, viewing angles. Worth every penny. Go for it.",Monitors,62
27312,3,Excellent picture quality,Monitors,25
27313,5,Good value for money product,Monitors,28
27314,5,not good and😮 not bad,Monitors,21
27315,5,Very lean and neat monitor. I would call it 'perfect'. I am happy after more than couple of months of purchase. No problem till now.,Monitors,132
27316,5,new model and very nice,Monitors,23
27317,5,good.,Monitors,5
27318,5,compact and sleek design.,Monitors,25
27319,4,4k video can play,Monitors,17
27320,5,"Using it from past few months as my primary monitor and used with my Chromecast as well. No issue till date. Choose this product only for it's looks but considering technical aspects, it's really overpriced. Buy it if the seller is omnitech retail and with bank offers. I got it for rs.8k during bank cashback offer sales",Monitors,321
27321,5,High price display from HP,Monitors,26
27322,4,Excellent.. product.. I am satisfied with my purchase,Monitors,53
27323,5,Great screen - sharp display and clear image.,Monitors,45
27324,5,One of the best monitors to be bought for this price and specifications. Don't expect too much. Thanks to flip kart even though I had an issue in delivering the product...,Monitors,171
27325,5,Don't think about anything ...Just go for it! It's a beauty marvel,Monitors,66
27326,5,Good,Monitors,4
27327,4,It's really good and thin display.. hd quality really impressive,Monitors,64
27328,5,"Valuable products, nice packaging by flipkart, Worth of money",Monitors,61
27329,5,Review after 4 months use. Satisfied with the product. Clear crystal eye cool picture clarity. True HD clarity.,Monitors,111
27330,3,good one with super sexy look ....,Monitors,34
27331,5,Product is good and delivery guys are also good im happy to buy this product from Flipkart.,Monitors,91
27332,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27333,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27334,5,Superb quality...,Monitors,17
27335,4,Excelent product. I got it in offer. Amazing display. I strongly recommend it.,Monitors,78
27336,5,"Product is good, but courier is delay, please checkout",Monitors,54
27337,5,"A very nice product, using for almost a month now. Response time is moderate or else from resolution to quality is great at this price point.  Thanks",Monitors,149
27338,5,Fantastic Monitor.... Absolutely awesome....,Monitors,44
27339,3,Excellent product,Monitors,17
27340,5,Hai hp 21.5 led monitor excellent display and I'm using a professional work purpose.v gud product,Monitors,97
27341,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27342,5,"Good Monitor, but Monitor display setting key is difficult to operate and not backlight on setting switch.",Monitors,106
27343,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27344,4,Awesome. Just GO FOR IT.,Monitors,24
27345,5,Good quality. Solid build quality.,Monitors,34
27346,5,Absolutely stunning looks,Monitors,25
27347,5,good look and quality,Monitors,21
27348,5,Excellent,Monitors,9
27349,5,"Excellent Service, excellent product by HP",Monitors,42
27350,4,True Color nothing else. I loved it friends. Don't think go for it. .,Monitors,69
27351,3,great product!!!!! i have been using this since 3 months..just go for it.,Monitors,73
27352,1,"Just Perfect !! That's all I can say! Everything'z perfect, the product, the delivery, the packing.. everything!",Monitors,112
27353,5,One of the best monitor in the market.. Nice picture quality and body desgin..,Monitors,78
27354,5,Minimum good..,Monitors,14
27355,5,Excellent Superb Marvellous,Monitors,27
27356,5,"best output and value for money, great service from flipkart....",Monitors,64
27357,5,Wow,Monitors,3
27358,5,"Awesome product, really appreciate delivery person.good packing thanks for on time delivery.",Monitors,92
27359,5,It's awesome monitor in my life,Monitors,31
27360,5,Great service. Thank you Flipkart...,Monitors,36
27361,5,Super recommended is the best,Monitors,29
27362,5,Awesome,Monitors,7
27363,3,Perfect product,Monitors,15
27364,5,Awesome look..... Nice color.... But Very late delivery,Monitors,55
27365,5,Great service & good product....,Monitors,32
27366,5,"Ultra Slim display with IPS panel, run with 12 Volt adaptor looking very smart with bright vivid display.",Monitors,105
27367,5,One of the best monitor out there within the price range,Monitors,56
27368,5,Very slim looking and awesome screen,Monitors,36
27369,5,"It is awesome.. good size and screen clarity is good,",Monitors,53
27370,4,Very very good,Monitors,14
27371,5,Brilliant pictures! Wide screen and an attractive price!,Monitors,56
27372,5,Nice product Thanks Flip Cart,Monitors,29
27373,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27374,5,Full HD experience highly recommend hp 22es monitor,Monitors,51
27375,5,"Nice Monitor, no problem.",Monitors,25
27376,5,Awesome,Monitors,7
27377,5,Awesomest led screen ever.. Must buy from flipkart.... 👍,Monitors,56
27378,5,"Very nice monitor, using for 2 months, no complain",Monitors,50
27379,5,It's much better than expected. Thin and sleek,Monitors,46
27380,5,best monitor at this range,Monitors,26
27381,5,Nice moniter,Monitors,12
27382,5,Nice product.. must buy...,Monitors,26
27383,5,In 8999 ...the best monitor,Monitors,27
27384,4,"It is very good. Once you set up optimal resolution to maximum it turns in to awesome display. Good colors,a little bit yellowish than Dell but considering the price it is best. Unbelievably thin. Best looking monitor . Go for iit without any doubt.",Monitors,249
27385,5,"RESOLUTION IS PERFECT,SUPER QUALITY PICTURE.....",Monitors,48
27386,5,Good for avg gaming n viewing angles are good,Monitors,45
27387,5,Packaging of this product is worst but product is good..,Monitors,56
27388,5,Very fast delivery with amazing price,Monitors,37
27389,5,Nice Led Monitor,Monitors,16
27390,5,Awesome product. Got it delivered before promised time.,Monitors,55
27391,4,One of the Best monitor.  As per my experience it is built with good quality and ultimate resolution.,Monitors,101
27392,5,Awesome!,Monitors,8
27393,4,Nice Product & excellent package.,Monitors,33
27394,5,Awesome product,Monitors,15
27395,4,Gud product and working nice,Monitors,28
27396,2,Awesome quality,Monitors,15
27397,5,Very good product,Monitors,17
27398,3,Actually the edges of the screen is not shown the pic.as like that,Monitors,66
27399,5,100% satisfied. Fully satisfied. Great value for money.,Monitors,55
27400,5,WOW hp 22es monitor... WOW Flipkart... WOW Omnitech... WOW ekart,Monitors,64
27401,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27402,5,Sleek and excellent resolution. Makes doing my work lot easier. Thanks,Monitors,70
27403,5,Unenviable experience very nice Monitor.,Monitors,40
27404,4,Must buy,Monitors,8
27405,5,Awesome product,Monitors,15
27406,5,Writing this review after using for 6months. I use it for watching movies and my programming work. Good display and looks. Happy with the purchase.,Monitors,147
27407,4,Very slim monitor from HP supports HDMI Google chromecast 2 Got it for 7249 /- on BBD SALE Thank u flipkart...,Monitors,110
27408,5,Monitor is excellent..but the VGA cable inside the box get rust and damaged..can't use..very disapointed,Monitors,104
27409,5,Jus awsme happy with my decision to buy this... if u have this in ur option then u shld go for this... it will not disappoint you..,Monitors,131
27410,5,Best monitor for programmers.,Monitors,29
27411,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27412,5,Superb,Monitors,6
27413,5,It's very good product,Monitors,22
27414,3,Best display quality!,Monitors,21
27415,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27416,5,Screen and design are just awesome,Monitors,34
27417,4,Excellent and slim monitor ...nice luxury looking...buy it,Monitors,58
27418,5,It is awesome,Monitors,13
27419,5,I like it..,Monitors,11
27420,4,Unfortunately I received a faulty product.,Monitors,42
27421,5,Nice product and nice service by flipkart.,Monitors,42
27422,5,Received today. Very good product. Excellent clarity. Over all very satisfied.,Monitors,78
27423,5,"First about this Product. It's an exceptional monitor. The look, and performance it's just awesome. Execpt for it's 14ms response time.  Now coming to flipkart. The delivery was one day and it's packaging was worst, by worst i mean i've never imagined it to be come in such raw condition.",Monitors,288
27424,4,I have purchased HP monitor. It's great product.flipcart is rock !,Monitors,66
27425,5,Good,Monitors,4
27426,5,"Good product but somewhere we low more than Flipkart,",Monitors,53
27427,5,Good LED,Monitors,8
27428,5,BEST MONITOR ....FOR AVERAGE GAMERS,Monitors,35
27429,3,Good product,Monitors,12
27430,5,Very slim and beautiful design. Must Buy.,Monitors,41
27431,4,very good product,Monitors,17
27432,4,best moniter I have is this,Monitors,27
27433,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27434,5,good design,Monitors,11
27435,4,Value for money and premium look. Wonderful quality.,Monitors,52
27436,4,Best in the range,Monitors,17
27437,5,It's a perfect slim monitor with a nice ips display. Happy to buy this,Monitors,70
27438,4,"Very Good Product. Good Packaging. The Dell quality is there. Decent display, viewing angle not so great( TN panel ). Sturdy stand. No wobbles. Got HDMI and VGA cables with the monitor ( and the power cable of course ).",Monitors,219
27439,5,Its a very good product... Good build quality.. Both VGA input and HDMI input works perfect.. Its a good choice.. as we could even use it as a TV screen with the HDMI input.. Really satisfied with the monitor and the delivery of flipkart...,Monitors,240
27440,5,4.5/5  Wow.. what a nice product I ❤️ it. SCREEN SIZE - Compact | True Screen LOOKS like Amazing...So Nice product.. 🤩🤩  I recommended to buy this one.✅,Monitors,152
27441,5,Great product from Dell . It's budget friendly and served the purpose very well as of now. You can go and buy . It comes with HDMI cable and VGA cable. Good packing from Flipkart.,Monitors,179
27442,5,"Good product by Dell and Flipkart. It has both hdmi and vga port, so you can connect from laptop using hdmi for a second screen. Super buildup and screen resolution is good for official work.",Monitors,191
27443,4,"This is a great monitor , very clear pictures & nice performance. Buttons for varied functions @ right hand side are easy accessible. I am completely satisfied by this product. Thank you Flipkart 👍",Monitors,197
27444,4,Great product and best price. excellent work I am very very happy for use this. thanks Flipkart,Monitors,95
27445,5,Item is good and that to your service is very good and speedy delivered the item to customer. The delivery person communication is good .. thanks for the safely rich the item,Monitors,174
27446,5,Only HD LED by name only.in back side of monitor i.e written LCD screen. Screen resolution is not like expected by specifications.HDMI and VGA port is available i.e the good thing.,Monitors,180
27447,4,Good,Monitors,4
27448,4,Very good product,Monitors,17
27449,4,Waste product.. Worked for 3 months properly and after that the screen became blank.. When I contacted the dell company they asked me invoice.. When I send them invoice which is shared by Flipkart they are saying it's not validated and we can't do replacement.. I don't know why it's invalid when it's clearly showing that I bought from Flipkart..,Monitors,347
27450,5,"After 7days, I've reviewed it.  VALUE FOR MONEY : ★★★★★ PICTURE QUALITY: ★★★★★ SYSTEM DESIGN: ★★★★* BRAND VALUE: ★★★★★ HDMI & PIXEL: ★★★★ HARDWARE: ★★★★* IN BOX ITEMS: ★★★★★ (:with HDMI port)",Monitors,191
27451,5,nice product 😊😊,Monitors,15
27452,4,Best for price I bought it for 4949. Package was perfect. Antiglare is good. And doesn't support different angle view. And monitor display is well adjustable. Happy with the product!,Monitors,182
27453,5,good product,Monitors,12
27454,4,it's a good product but my package was damaged out side all the thermacol was damage but it's a good product,Monitors,108
27455,2,"you can't find a better monitor at this price,. thanks flipkart",Monitors,63
27456,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27457,5,Good budget TFT monitor. Both VGA and HDMI support is just great at this price.,Monitors,79
27458,1,good prouduct.,Monitors,14
27459,5,Dell is always worth in computer and laptops... Good display pitchers,Monitors,69
27460,5,best to buy,Monitors,11
27461,4,good quality,Monitors,12
27462,5,This is a very good product for home use   Thankyou flipkart,Monitors,60
27463,3,Best product at 5000rs,Monitors,22
27464,5,Bad product two week use. Display damaged black dot,Monitors,51
27465,5,Nice product..,Monitors,14
27466,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27467,4,Very good moniter ... Nice screen .. i love it❤️,Monitors,48
27468,5,Best qualifi,Monitors,12
27469,5,excellent,Monitors,9
27470,5,Product is good. But not able to register with Dell by using service tag. Not sure how this product get 3 years of warranty.,Monitors,124
27471,5,Best monitor at this price HDMI + VGA port with hdmi and vga cable fast delivery(within 24 hours) picture quality is ok.,Monitors,120
27472,5,This item is LCD not led. But bill and product detail are LED and accessories quality is very poor. I need led monitor not lcd monitor .It is folt of this seller...,Monitors,164
27473,1,Nice product,Monitors,12
27474,5,Nice monitor,Monitors,12
27475,4,Poor TFT screen. Don't buy it. Go for another dell monitors!,Monitors,60
27476,5,Worth money,Monitors,11
27477,4,"It is a LCD MONITOR mentioned on the back and not LED, but they mentioned it as LED backlit. I replaced once but received the same LCD MONITOR with the model name as mentioned. Those who want to buy I request them to see the meaning of LED BACKLIT.",Monitors,248
27478,5,Awesome product...,Monitors,18
27479,4,Dell is always a great product. Clarity is fantastic. Affordable price at this time. I had bought this for my kids online class. It might reduce the eye strain of my kids.,Monitors,171
27480,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27481,1,Don't buy for hdmi port. Display is not clear.,Monitors,46
27482,5,Good,Monitors,4
27483,5,worst product,Monitors,13
27484,4,Received unsealed product from Vendor,Monitors,37
27485,5,Satisfied ... Value for money,Monitors,29
27486,1,"You Show Dell 18.5 inch HD LED but it is not LED, it is LCD monitor",Monitors,67
27487,5,Good early delivery,Monitors,19
27488,5,not too hd quality but ok not touches expection,Monitors,47
27489,5,Picture quality bad But best monitor in this price,Monitors,50
27490,2,Awesome,Monitors,7
27491,5,Good product.,Monitors,13
27492,1,Nice 😊👍 F.A,Monitors,11
27493,1,Display not so great. An average monitor. Ok for its price. Nothing wow factor. I havent checked yet with hdmi.,Monitors,111
27494,4,"I am suffering this Monitor, Because this monitor is having blinking problem, when i am working with, it is automatically 2 seconds off and on, simply flipkart customer care is told me. deal with dell customer care. i am unhappy with this product.",Monitors,247
27495,4,Good,Monitors,4
27496,5,Best product,Monitors,12
27497,2,Stand up and down is not moving working,Monitors,39
27498,4,Good picture quality,Monitors,20
27499,5,Very good product,Monitors,17
27500,4,Ok,Monitors,2
27501,5,Amazing screen quality and brightness. The touch response is also very good. Highly recommended in that price...,Monitors,112
27502,3,Awosome!!,Monitors,9
27503,1,Couldn't connect to monitor as the power cord provided is of 15 Amps plug and normally we switch to 5amp plug.,Monitors,110
27504,5,The monitor is good. It come with the power connector which is used for high voltage items and it will not fit in a normal 3 pin plug. Yoh need a bigger plug which is used for AC for this cord. Have purchased another connector from market for it to fit in the standard extension cord.,Monitors,284
27505,5,"Inferior product - one of the worst from Dell. Even a laptop screen second hand is better than this. Inferior quality LCD screen parts used. Display has round white marks within 10 days. Reducing clarity of display of numbers. Not recommended to use for work/business purposes.  Power plug send with this item is not of Indian standard. It is a very large power plug, send on purpose so that the return policy of 10 days will lapse.",Monitors,432
27506,2,"Viewing Angle is just average; It's strange that the monitor requires 16A Socket, therefore doesn't fit in the normal socket; Not LED, the display is LCD, Title is misguiding the consumers; The package was already opened by the seller; Average HDMI cable, the display looks blurred using HDMI Cable; Made in China, the printed manufacturing date was Oct'20, can't speak about its reliability at this point; Other Points: Comes with HDMI Cable and VGA Cable for respective ports, along with 3.5mm A...",Monitors,500
27507,5,Screen damaged already in one month,Monitors,35
27508,4,Display is very blurry when connected to laptop via HDMI.. Defeats the very purpose of buying it,Monitors,96
27509,5,Worst experience,Monitors,16
27510,5,Very bad experience with this product...,Monitors,40
27511,5,Very nice Monitor We can also see tv thanks dell really thanks flipcart 😃😃,Monitors,74
27512,2,"Looking good, though build quality is not good as my previous Lenovo monitor, which I used for almost 13 years.  It has VGA and HDMI option(which I can also use with my streaming device) It has audio jack, which I can use for audio, if connected with HDMI a/v device.",Monitors,267
27513,3,"This is not a led monitor, this is lcd monitor. Overall no problem till now, there is a loose connection in the power cable to the monitor. Perfect delivery.",Monitors,157
27514,1,not so clearity..,Monitors,17
27515,3,"It's not led, after receiving it displayed at back panel that it is lcd",Monitors,71
27516,1,LCD problen,Monitors,11
27517,1,Very nice product and wonder full,Monitors,33
27518,1,Nice product value for money,Monitors,28
27519,4,Thanks. The product is good. Dell means trusted brand,Monitors,53
27520,5,in discription written HD LED but it's LCD worst experience from flipkart... they shows LED and sending LCD... don't waste your time and money...,Monitors,145
27521,4,its a lcd and not led  wastage of money,Monitors,39
27522,3,product is ok but as promised by flipkart they did not issued a B2B invoice,Monitors,75
27523,2,Bad display,Monitors,11
27524,2,Not happy me vv sad,Monitors,19
27525,1,Smoothly working.wonderful design.easy to install.that was a great purchase of me.,Monitors,82
27526,5,not good... there is mark on the screen. but when the color pictures are shown it is not noticeable. can i return it?,Monitors,117
27527,4,prodect not led,Monitors,15
27528,5,nice,Monitors,4
27529,1,"Not very impressed. Glarefree screen, tilt mechanism is very good for convenience in use. Picture quality is decent. But the problem is, it has some white noise thus producing grainy picture. I don't know why but I have this problem with both the monitor of same model.",Monitors,269
27530,1,This product description is not matching with actual description wrote on back side of monitor. It is LCD moniter not LED. FLIPKART is cheating with customer.,Monitors,158
27531,1,The product is good,Monitors,19
27532,1,good monitor for CCTV and computer,Monitors,34
27533,1,Amazing product and very fast delivery & good Packing.....,Monitors,58
27534,5,Good and great according to the expectations,Monitors,44
27535,2,Ok but not much,Monitors,15
27536,1,Good Display,Monitors,12
27537,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
27538,2,Great product. Go for it,Monitors,24
27539,2,Very good and thanks,Monitors,20
27540,2,Good product,Monitors,12
27541,4,performance good...,Monitors,19
27542,5,Good,Monitors,4
27543,5,Note good,Monitors,9
27544,4,"Product is very Good,",Monitors,21
27545,5,DELL 18.5 Monitor is very great. Flipkart service is also good. Thank you.  Visit SHARADA NETWORK on youtube and subscribe to our channel for unboxing video for this product.,Monitors,174
27546,5,"Value for money, I am using it as a tv. With HDMI port, but Flipkart delivered so late .... because of late dispatch. Good product one can use as a computer monitor or a tv...",Monitors,175
27547,5,Super product worth every penny 😁,Monitors,33
27548,5,The build quality is fine but the response rate and quality of image is just OK.. I use this for my office work to connect my laptop and extend the screen.. It takes a very long time for the screen to display the video and image,Monitors,228
27549,5,product was good... worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst delivery process ever seen.. actually searched for 0.5 rating.. hate you this time flipkart...,Monitors,162
27550,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27551,5,is this dell monitor or what you are delivering to customer. fed up of your service. worst service.,Monitors,99
27552,1,Writing this review after 6 months of usage. Good product. Picture quality is good. Sound quality is okay. As I am using as secondary monitor for my work from home usage. Connectivity is good. No issues till now. No heating problem.,Monitors,232
27553,5,VERY GOOD QULITY,Monitors,16
27554,5,worst,Monitors,5
27555,4,Very good item,Monitors,14
27556,5,Excellent,Monitors,9
27557,2,Nice products...Less money better product.. useful for simple purpose 😍😍😍,Monitors,73
27558,1,Very good price,Monitors,15
27559,5,Awesome.....,Monitors,12
27560,1,Good,Monitors,4
27561,5,Good,Monitors,4
27562,4,Good,Monitors,4
27563,1,Excellent,Monitors,9
27564,5,I am happy to purchase from Flipkart 😊😊,Monitors,39
27565,4,GOOD PRODUCT,Monitors,12
27566,5,"I want to buy 5 piece more Dell 18.5 inch HD Led, at the same price that I already purchased. If possible, then offer me the same. Thanking you the Flipkart team.",Monitors,162
27567,4,Very good,Monitors,9
27568,5,Goog,Monitors,4
27569,3,Worth for money,Monitors,15
27570,5,Beautiful product,Monitors,17
27571,5,Superb,Monitors,6
27572,5,Excellent product,Monitors,17
27573,5,Product rating first class delivery rating third class,Monitors,54
27574,5,Not like led monitor,Monitors,20
27575,5,"Good screen size, color calibration justifies the costs. works well! Comes with HDMI cable as well.",Monitors,99
27576,5,It's good for this price.,Monitors,25
27577,5,Nice product and flipkart delivered on time and safely,Monitors,54
27578,4,It's good working,Monitors,17
27579,5,Wav very good and original products. Thanku Flipcard,Monitors,52
27580,5,"Pathetic product. On Hdmi, display is blurred. This is not accepted from dell screen of this range",Monitors,98
27581,5,Good,Monitors,4
27582,5,fine,Monitors,4
27583,1,Good quality The plug is on 16 A..... Check that out before buying,Monitors,66
27584,5,Good one and value for the money.,Monitors,33
27585,5,Nice monitor with good quality screen.. Reliable and has 3 year of warranty which is amazing..,Monitors,94
27586,5,"Packing was good, product was very safe with double packing.  Monitor was very good as expected, change the resolution . Don't forget to do this",Monitors,144
27587,3,GOOD,Monitors,4
27588,5,Very good product,Monitors,17
27589,1,Very good,Monitors,9
27590,5,Good,Monitors,4
27591,5,"Best one in this bugget, but now i want to buy much better for ps5, if ps5 is available in stock😅",Monitors,97
27592,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27593,5,"affordable, gets the work done",Monitors,30
27594,5,Screen Flickering,Monitors,17
27595,5,"Power plug got with this is very large, it is not suitable on normal UPS, it needs big power plug socket.  Display quality is below average.  Display view from side is very poor, view from straight is OK.  HDMI port is useful with new generation mother board's",Monitors,260
27596,5,very good product,Monitors,17
27597,5,"I have been using few months before itself . Quality and clarity , fuctioning speed everything is good. its really an best produt for affordable price. Overall everything is good.",Monitors,179
27598,5,good quality,Monitors,12
27599,4,Goood very good,Monitors,15
27600,3,Working good. Serving my purpose,Monitors,32
27601,5,Very good product.,Monitors,18
27602,5,Great,Monitors,5
27603,1,Good,Monitors,4
27604,2,Good,Monitors,4
27605,5,Just Ok . .,Monitors,11
27606,5,Excellent and worthy for amount.,Monitors,32
27607,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27608,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
27609,5,It is not HD panel it is LCD I am sad to purchase it.,Monitors,53
27610,5,Best monitor so for so good,Monitors,27
27611,5,Good,Monitors,4
27612,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27613,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27614,3,Good quality monitor,Monitors,20
27615,5,Awesome product 👍👍👍👍😂,Monitors,21
27616,5,"Great purchase, best in class product, delivered in time by flipkart.  It is not LED display, it's a LCD.  it is listed as LED display which not correct",Monitors,152
27617,5,It not good quality,Monitors,19
27618,2,Very good product,Monitors,17
27619,5,"Product is too good, but flipkart delivery so bad",Monitors,49
27620,4,The item is not LED monitor as mentioned in the description. LCD only.,Monitors,70
27621,4,It's good,Monitors,9
27622,5,good,Monitors,4
27623,5,Good Product for Dell HD Led Monitor. And Good Sarvice for Filpcart,Monitors,67
27624,5,Good,Monitors,4
27625,5,nice one,Monitors,8
27626,1,Very good products,Monitors,18
27627,5,"I bought for 6800 and was awesome , they gave a hdmi cable also",Monitors,63
27628,2,Very very bad quality,Monitors,21
27629,3,"If you can consider what have to be considered for a TN panel monitor, it is the best monitor in this price range. Go for it..",Monitors,126
27630,3,"Perfect Monitor ""EVER""",Monitors,22
27631,5,Sanjay,Monitors,6
27632,5,Good product in this price,Monitors,26
27633,4,Nice value for money,Monitors,20
27634,4,Very good,Monitors,9
27635,5,Good quality...,Monitors,15
27636,5,Very good . Value for money,Monitors,27
27637,1,Good Quality Product,Monitors,20
27638,5,Nice Product,Monitors,12
27639,5,Very good,Monitors,9
27640,3,Just awesome,Monitors,12
27641,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27642,5,Display is awesome,Monitors,18
27643,5,Good  Working fine,Monitors,18
27644,4,Good,Monitors,4
27645,5,Its not up to the mark... Don't buy if you have graphic work and view HD movies,Monitors,79
27646,5,"Good product, with the money and it is the only screen available with audio out port for this low cost budget!",Monitors,110
27647,4,Nice,Monitors,4
27648,5,Good goods but light weight,Monitors,27
27649,5,Excellent delivery. Delivery man very courteous and aware of vivid situation.,Monitors,77
27650,5,It's very bad product,Monitors,21
27651,4,Very nice products,Monitors,18
27652,5,Good,Monitors,4
27653,5,Good,Monitors,4
27654,1,Very glad to use this set,Monitors,25
27655,4,Nice and good quality,Monitors,21
27656,5,Ok.one of the best..,Monitors,20
27657,5,Not bad,Monitors,7
27658,5,Would have liked to know in advance that it has a 16A power plug,Monitors,64
27659,5,Very nice.Full satisfied,Monitors,24
27660,4,dell is best,Monitors,12
27661,3,Very good,Monitors,9
27662,5,Supeb,Monitors,5
27663,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27664,5,"With this price, product is good and affordable.",Monitors,48
27665,3,Super fast dilivery.i like it,Monitors,29
27666,4,Nice product,Monitors,12
27667,3,Super product,Monitors,13
27668,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27669,5,Average product. Order as per requirement.,Monitors,42
27670,5,Good,Monitors,4
27671,5,Good one,Monitors,8
27672,5,Great,Monitors,5
27673,4,Very good,Monitors,9
27674,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27675,5,A good item at less than 5000.,Monitors,30
27676,5,Worst product,Monitors,13
27677,5,"Best quality monitor, it would be the best if it would be having speaker",Monitors,72
27678,4,Very good product,Monitors,17
27679,5,Very good performance and so looking nice,Monitors,41
27680,4,Power cable not matched for indian standard,Monitors,43
27681,5,Awesome product and i am finishing my work fast. Thank you flipkart.,Monitors,68
27682,5,Too good,Monitors,8
27683,5,Good. Nice pic quality,Monitors,22
27684,4,Monitor size some what ok but its will less ...,Monitors,47
27685,1,Nice product.,Monitors,13
27686,5,Really nice,Monitors,11
27687,4,Good,Monitors,4
27688,5,Super monitor,Monitors,13
27689,4,Video quality poor,Monitors,18
27690,5,It's ok,Monitors,7
27691,5,It is nice,Monitors,10
27692,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27693,3,"Not led screen, it was LCD moniter",Monitors,34
27694,5,Good product and best price in Flipkart.,Monitors,40
27695,5,Fantabulous one Good for budget Really wish to buy,Monitors,50
27696,5,Good,Monitors,4
27697,5,It has fixed stand. You cant move up or down or in any other direction.,Monitors,71
27698,1,Value and price,Monitors,15
27699,5,Satisfied,Monitors,9
27700,5,Good,Monitors,4
27701,5,Nice quality,Monitors,12
27702,1,Very good and could use it with no issues for last 2 months,Monitors,59
27703,5,FANTASTIC PRODUCT.SATISFIED.,Monitors,28
27704,4,A good product for the price,Monitors,28
27705,4,It is a amazing monitor. It supports fhd and suitable for you gaming consoles or pc.,Monitors,84
27706,3,"This is a very standard 18.5 inches Monitor from Dell. There is one important information needs to be added that the power source cable of the monitor comes with a 16A plug and it is not possible to connect to our standard UPS. Hence either the cable needs to be replaced or the monitor needs to be connected to 16A plug point, which will not help during power cut. Due to this, I have not yet been able to check/test the visuals and performance of the monitor. Hope to update my review soon once ...",Monitors,500
27707,5,Decent in this price range,Monitors,26
27708,5,Super,Monitors,5
27709,5,3.5 mm jack provided worked for first couple of days then it not working.,Monitors,73
27710,5,Super 👌,Monitors,7
27711,5,Best👌👌👌,Monitors,7
27712,5,Perfect moniter for daily use and online purpuse,Monitors,48
27713,5,Worthy!,Monitors,7
27714,4,Not value for money But product is good but price should be less,Monitors,64
27715,3,Good but more costly it is not satisfied with amount,Monitors,52
27716,4,Nice Value for money There is viewing angle problem,Monitors,51
27717,4,Nice 👍 good product good 👌👍,Monitors,27
27718,2,Good,Monitors,4
27719,3,Excellent product. Working well.,Monitors,32
27720,5,Nice monitor.. Good service from dell and delivered with expectations from Flipkart.  Please ensure to use it with voltage stabilizer for long term use.,Monitors,152
27721,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27722,5,Very good,Monitors,9
27723,4,"It is satisfactory! I am currently running it through VGA, good for office works.... not a gaming monitor but it's okay, specially when compared to the price. (Rs. 6500) Good Brightness, good color production, okay size 18.5, .....resolution is bit low compared to screen size .",Monitors,278
27724,4,Nice product,Monitors,12
27725,4,Good,Monitors,4
27726,5,"Best at this price point, display is an lcd panel not led, images are crispy, viewing angle is so so, what more can you expect.",Monitors,127
27727,5,Very good,Monitors,9
27728,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
27729,5,Dell led monitor very much,Monitors,26
27730,5,Greatly satisfied. worth every penny.,Monitors,37
27731,5,"The product is not ok. Do not buy this. I bought thinking it will solve interim purpose but it's bad. On-screen in different places it has different brightness, if you open a document you will see texts are hazy in the corners.",Monitors,227
27732,4,Exelent,Monitors,7
27733,5,All good ...but don't understand why 16A plug for an appliance that consumes 0.5A ...:(,Monitors,87
27734,4,HDMI cable is not working.,Monitors,26
27735,5,Value for money,Monitors,15
27736,4,Nice product in quality is vere powerful check out my youtube channel JK RDX BOY,Monitors,80
27737,5,Complete cheating. They mentioned LED monitor but it's actually LCD monitor. Don't buy. But thanks to flipkart for accepting return of this product.,Monitors,148
27738,4,"Display is good at its price, you geta HDMI support on this monitor which is advantageous. Overall all I like it at this l rage.",Monitors,128
27739,5,Fast delivery by Flipkart. Very good monitor at the price. For some reason the power plug is not an Indian size,Monitors,111
27740,2,The power Card comes with the monitor is 15A card. But I can't use it with my UPS. I don't know how they are like this?,Monitors,119
27741,5,Product is not good,Monitors,19
27742,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27743,1,Excellent product.. delivery was on time.. delivery person behavior was too good..I am very much satisfied with the product ??,Monitors,126
27744,5,"Overall I am quite satisfied and happy with the monitor. The only reason I am give 4 star is due to the fact that the power cable that this monitor uses is a 16A one. This was a surprise as I did not expect a monitor to have a 16A input cable l. Had to buy a converter to get it working. This delayed the use by couple of days more. But other than that, this is a very good buy",Monitors,377
27745,5,Superb...,Monitors,9
27746,1,Prices too much increase after I order. But screen is good,Monitors,58
27747,5,Very useful.,Monitors,12
27748,4,Ok,Monitors,2
27749,1,Value for money,Monitors,15
27750,2,Nice product,Monitors,12
27751,4,size defect,Monitors,11
27752,5,Good product with fast delivery,Monitors,31
27753,4,In this price range.. Its good,Monitors,30
27754,5,Good. Product delivered at correct day and safely.,Monitors,50
27755,4,Not so good,Monitors,11
27756,5,Very good product..,Monitors,19
27757,4,Super 💯/ 💯. I will just recommend every Consumer who ever is reading my comment. Just go for hit. THIS IS HIT 🔝.,Monitors,112
27758,5,Niz one at best price. Nize display quality.,Monitors,44
27759,5,Best monitor under 7000 with brand value....,Monitors,44
27760,1,Good but sometimes screen not clear,Monitors,35
27761,4,GOOD,Monitors,4
27762,3,Received good condition monitor working fine,Monitors,44
27763,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27764,2,Thank you flipkart. delivered within one day. product is awesome.display resolution is good.monitor is suitable for home and office.,Monitors,132
27765,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27766,5,Good product best quality 👍,Monitors,27
27767,5,Very Good,Monitors,9
27768,5,Perfect product in low price.,Monitors,29
27769,4,"Dont expect much at this is price (I got it for 5500). It is led back lid, not led monitor (same mentioned in description). Don't expect viewing angles it's just serves for office use.",Monitors,184
27770,4,cool,Monitors,4
27771,5,"Too much bazzles around display , and it's better to go for 1080 p display bcoz this 720p display is not upto the mark",Monitors,118
27772,5,Nic,Monitors,3
27773,5,Very good.super quality,Monitors,23
27774,3,Good,Monitors,4
27775,5,Nice quality Quality for money,Monitors,30
27776,5,Good !,Monitors,6
27777,5,Normal,Monitors,6
27778,3,Very good product,Monitors,17
27779,5,Okay,Monitors,4
27780,3,Power cable length is very low,Monitors,30
27781,5,Nice product.,Monitors,13
27782,5,Nice product at this price . . . . Very good,Monitors,44
27783,4,"Worth for money. In my case inside the packing Dell box opened condition, (so one star minus) but no issue found in the product, till now working well.",Monitors,151
27784,5,It's a good product.. You can buy screen is working good,Monitors,56
27785,5,Nice product for ps4,Monitors,20
27786,3,Grateful,Monitors,8
27787,5,products are good,Monitors,17
27788,4,Good product best quality,Monitors,25
27789,4,The power code of this monitor gas very big socket .. it won't go to your normal plug. You will require big socket to insert it .,Monitors,129
27790,5,16 amp socket is the only problem otherwise fine,Monitors,48
27791,5,Product good but stand not able to adjust.,Monitors,42
27792,4,Good,Monitors,4
27793,4,"Product is good. It was available for Rs 500 less next day after ordering so felt cheated. Also beware it has 16A power cord (which is used for devices like Refrigerator, Washing machine) so it wont fit in your regular socket.",Monitors,226
27794,4,The power plug/pin is too big.. does not fit anywhere. It's bigger than required for a refrigerator. Don't know why it requires so much power. ..The monitor is just okay but worth the price,Monitors,189
27795,5,Very good package and fast delivery in one day. Monitor is very good. But plug is so big u can use combine socket.💐,Monitors,115
27796,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27797,5,Nice one......,Monitors,14
27798,2,Very good ☺️,Monitors,12
27799,5,Very nice podact Very good colour and contrast,Monitors,46
27800,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27801,3,Very good product,Monitors,17
27802,3,"Not good product ,I used for this product but after six months his display destro",Monitors,81
27803,1,Good buy,Monitors,8
27804,5,"Don't buy ! This monitor's image quality is sooo bad ! The monitor came with a serious display fault, the image was full of noise ! Even after replacement the quality didn't improve and now they aren't even refunding it ! Worst service ever !",Monitors,242
27805,4,"Best product, Best build quality, good picture quality",Monitors,54
27806,5,Not bad,Monitors,7
27807,5,Good product,Monitors,12
27808,5,"Best budget monitor, blindly go for it.",Monitors,39
27809,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27810,4,"Good packing, on time delivery, good image quality.. good built also..",Monitors,70
27811,2,It's better than I expected...if your budget is tight then just go for it don't worry,Monitors,85
27812,5,Paking was bad,Monitors,14
27813,1,Good,Monitors,4
27814,5,Good quality,Monitors,12
27815,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27816,4,This product is very good.Thanks,Monitors,32
27817,4,Value for money .,Monitors,17
27818,5,Good,Monitors,4
27819,5,Value for Money.,Monitors,16
27820,5,Monitor is good Inside HDMI cable and VGA cable Received it is Very good,Monitors,72
27821,3,Good brightness Good anti glare coating But not deep blacks Black color is more greyish..... Viewing angles aren't good.,Monitors,120
27822,5,Very good quality,Monitors,17
27823,5,Very nice product,Monitors,17
27824,4,Very nice product 👍🏻👍🏻 packing is very good like it .,Monitors,53
27825,5,Good,Monitors,4
27826,5,Ok,Monitors,2
27827,5,choicest and exemplary under rs.6000......... genuine product by DELL.....,Monitors,74
27828,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27829,5,Nice display 😊,Monitors,14
27830,3,Nice,Monitors,4
27831,5,Colour resolution is not good.,Monitors,30
27832,5,good product,Monitors,12
27833,5,"Nice products,👍👍",Monitors,16
27834,1,Awesome,Monitors,7
27835,4,Nice,Monitors,4
27836,5,Low quality of monitor when iam watching the videos Then looking one side negative,Monitors,82
27837,5,Good satisfactory product,Monitors,25
27838,5,Good,Monitors,4
27839,5,First of all excellent one day delivery by Flipkart! Thanks a lot for this timely delivery. Sudden death of my 10 yrs old AOC monitor in the middle of a very important delivery left me no choice but to order a new one. I wanted to go for a low budget monitor and this TFT one serves my purpose perfectly.,Monitors,304
27840,1,Good,Monitors,4
27841,4,Good product👍👍,Monitors,14
27842,5,"Good,,, cheaper than market rate",Monitors,32
27843,5,It's good,Monitors,9
27844,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
27845,2,Very nice,Monitors,9
27846,5,Good,Monitors,4
27847,4,Very nice quality,Monitors,17
27848,4,Average,Monitors,7
27849,5,Superb quality,Monitors,14
27850,5,The (Picture)colour and angle of view is inferior .,Monitors,51
27851,5,Very good product,Monitors,17
27852,4,Good Product with reasonable price,Monitors,34
27853,5,Screen is good but the stand for the monitor is unadjustable. You have to place it in a fixed position and could not tilt in any sort of angle.,Monitors,143
27854,5,Best,Monitors,4
27855,5,Product is good as shown.,Monitors,25
27856,5,Good,Monitors,4
27857,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27858,5,Awesome product.. Currently I'm using both vga n hdmi ports working perfectly.. I have plugged in android box to hdmi port n it works perfectly even audio port working nice..,Monitors,174
27859,4,"Quality is perfect, just plug is too much large so doesn't fit with normal socket",Monitors,81
27860,5,This is very good product,Monitors,25
27861,5,Very good. Very clear view.,Monitors,27
27862,3,Superb,Monitors,6
27863,5,Super,Monitors,5
27864,5,Good,Monitors,4
27865,4,wooow nice,Monitors,10
27866,5,Good,Monitors,4
27867,5,Excellent Monitor ☺️,Monitors,20
27868,5,Best,Monitors,4
27869,5,Nice & affordable monitor provide by Dell in this price range... Hdmi cable available with this pack,Monitors,100
27870,5,Excellent thanks to flipcart,Monitors,28
27871,5,nice,Monitors,4
27872,5,Full hd display,Monitors,15
27873,5,good products with cheap cost,Monitors,29
27874,5,Nice and good product,Monitors,21
27875,4,Nice system,Monitors,11
27876,4,Good product,Monitors,12
27877,5,Best product ✌️,Monitors,15
27878,5,Overall it is good,Monitors,18
27879,5,"Perfect size, nice display, HDMI connectivity is great. Got a good deal in BBD. Thanks Flipkart.",Monitors,96
27880,5,Good and worth for money,Monitors,24
27881,5,Nice dell monitor value of money.,Monitors,33
27882,5,very good monitor under 5000,Monitors,28
27883,5,"Nice product, quick delivery without any scratch on packing",Monitors,59
27884,4,Product is Good and best at its price,Monitors,37
27885,5,"Excellent LED monitor ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I love flipkart and his products...,,,,❤️❤️❤️❤️",Monitors,78
27886,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27887,4,Nice 👍,Monitors,6
27888,5,Nice one,Monitors,8
27889,5,Good,Monitors,4
27890,5,Great product...packing was good.,Monitors,33
27891,5,"Super fast service, excellent",Monitors,29
27892,5,Perfect moniter i have ever used under 5000rs By the way i got it in 4500rs under big billion days sell.  Pros-HDMI port under 4500rs. Display is really very realistic and clear. Built quality is also good .  Cons-Not Found yet.  Overall a best moniter trust me and go for it frequently,Monitors,286
27893,5,Good,Monitors,4
27894,5,Good product at this price range.,Monitors,33
27895,5,great effort & quick delivery 👏🏻,Monitors,32
27896,5,Awesome monitor in low price,Monitors,28
27897,4,Good quality .,Monitors,14
27898,4,"Nice product, super clarity",Monitors,27
27899,5,Super,Monitors,5
27900,5,Good one,Monitors,8
27901,5,Good one . Very nicely packed and quick delivery.,Monitors,49
27902,5,Supperb product,Monitors,15
27903,4,Nice,Monitors,4
27904,5,Excellent product,Monitors,17
27905,4,Product was so nice. Quality is good.,Monitors,37
27906,4,Good,Monitors,4
27907,5,Good item,Monitors,9
27908,5,"DOES NOT WORK WITH MACBOOKs  Well I ordered this monitor to use as an external monitor to my macBook pro 2020 model, but it turns out that it doesn't support iOS. So if you are looking for monitors for Macbook, this is not your product. Otherwise it works quite well with Windows laptops.!",Monitors,289
27909,5,Nice product. Happy with it,Monitors,27
27910,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27911,5,Cheap and Best,Monitors,14
27912,4,Good product.,Monitors,13
27913,5,It is super but now switches of it does not working,Monitors,51
27914,4,Good worth for money..,Monitors,22
27915,5,Very nice product,Monitors,17
27916,5,Super quality,Monitors,13
27917,4,Superb. Value for money with DELL brand,Monitors,39
27918,5,awesome,Monitors,7
27919,5,Best Quality in this Price Range. Thank you Flipkart.,Monitors,53
27920,5,"It was good but not for professional , only for daily normal use",Monitors,64
27921,4,Value for money product,Monitors,23
27922,1,Perfect monitor,Monitors,15
27923,3,Nice Product. Works well,Monitors,24
27924,5,Nice working superb,Monitors,19
27925,3,Good product.,Monitors,13
27926,5,The product has satisfied me.,Monitors,29
27927,5,Overall ok but stand base very poor quality,Monitors,43
27928,5,Nice product but display clearity is not good.. Hp monitors are shown accurate colours & display...   I love hp pc. & hp products..  I hate dell monitors only,Monitors,158
27929,4,Asom,Monitors,4
27930,5,Best at the affordable price,Monitors,28
27931,5,Good,Monitors,4
27932,5,"Good! Budget friendly, Just buy it.",Monitors,35
27933,5,Good quality product but Flipkart need to ensure the delivery of the products,Monitors,77
27934,5,"Terrible purchase, don't waste your money.",Monitors,42
27935,4,Very good product this range.,Monitors,29
27936,3,Super Monitor for money,Monitors,23
27937,5,"Best budgeted monitor for basic use. Haven't tried playing games on it, but I'm sure they will run fine.",Monitors,104
27938,5,Excellent,Monitors,9
27939,5,Good produced,Monitors,13
27940,5,Very nice,Monitors,9
27941,5,Good👍👍,Monitors,6
27942,4,Supub,Monitors,5
27943,1,Good,Monitors,4
27944,5,Works Fine,Monitors,10
27945,5,Super monitor.,Monitors,14
27946,5,Glad to use,Monitors,11
27947,4,Good Product and better quality that the reason for giving five star,Monitors,68
27948,4,Nice product,Monitors,12
27949,5,Very nic,Monitors,8
27950,5,"light weight, great proce value accoreding to sum of money",Monitors,58
27951,5,Good quality and fabulous display. Worth buying,Monitors,47
27952,5,Great,Monitors,5
27953,5,It is superb. I didn't understood how to reduce its brightness. I t connecting to fire tv stick and enjoying watching movies after office hours.,Monitors,144
27954,5,Excellent purchase,Monitors,18
27955,5,Very good,Monitors,9
27956,5,Nice product.its awesome monitor.,Monitors,33
27957,5,It is good.,Monitors,11
27958,5,Worth of money. Working still without any compliance.,Monitors,53
27959,4,Good,Monitors,4
27960,4,"Good quality monitor, the colours are great. The viewing angle is a little less, but I think at this rate, monitors of all brands have the same basic specs. Overall, very satisfied with the product and delivery.",Monitors,211
27961,5,"Misguided product... WRONGLY DISCRIBED. The product has been sold as HD LED Backlit whereas Dell Model D1918H is LCD Monitor. Was in dire need of monitor, and got this after 10 days courtesy Pandemic'... so not interested in returning the product.  THE Jio Fiber TV Set Top is working with lone monitor through HDMI cable",Monitors,321
27962,5,compact design. viewing angles are good.color composition is also good,Monitors,70
27963,5,very good,Monitors,9
27964,5,Good,Monitors,4
27965,4,Nice..Working good....,Monitors,22
27966,5,It's really an awesome product I got this in 3days,Monitors,50
27967,5,Its so good I loved it,Monitors,22
27968,4,Good for office and Home use. But price increased due to Lockdown.,Monitors,66
27969,5,Good picture quality... satisfied,Monitors,33
27970,3,Very Good &Suitable for Home.,Monitors,29
27971,5,Very good product,Monitors,17
27972,5,superb prouduct...,Monitors,18
27973,5,"Not bad ,working",Monitors,16
27974,5,so far working good,Monitors,19
27975,5,Super product,Monitors,13
27976,5,nice product,Monitors,12
27977,5,Awesome product.nice display,Monitors,28
27978,5,Nice product..,Monitors,14
27979,5,Best Value For Money,Monitors,20
27980,5,good,Monitors,4
27981,5,Amazing,Monitors,7
27982,4,Nice LED,Monitors,8
27983,3,Nice,Monitors,4
27984,5,Perfect,Monitors,7
27985,5,Nice,Monitors,4
27986,5,Good,Monitors,4
27987,5,Nice product Provided with hdmi cable and vga cable Happy with purchase,Monitors,71
27988,5,screen is not comfortable,Monitors,25
27989,4,Ok,Monitors,2
27990,5,"Very good product, it having hdmi port & audio jack can use as a TV. so thank you flipkart",Monitors,90
27991,5,comfortable,Monitors,11
27992,5,Satisfied with this product,Monitors,27
27993,5,really an awesome product and excellent delivery system by flipcart. It's delivered before the expected time.,Monitors,109
27994,4,good,Monitors,4
27995,5,good,Monitors,4
27996,4,Very Nice,Monitors,9
27997,3,Value of money ..good product,Monitors,29
27998,3,well,Monitors,4
27999,5,good one,Monitors,8
28000,3,good,Monitors,4
28001,5,Ok,Monitors,2
28002,5,Happy,Monitors,5
28003,4,Good,Monitors,4
28004,5,good,Monitors,4
28005,5,Superb product and the screen is very clear loved it very much,Monitors,62
28006,4,Good product ☺️,Monitors,15
28007,4,excellent thank you very much,Monitors,29
28008,4,good display,Monitors,12
28009,4,Awesome,Monitors,7
28010,5,awesome,Monitors,7
28011,5,awesome product.....,Monitors,20
28012,5,good one,Monitors,8
28013,4,very very nice,Monitors,14
28014,5,good product,Monitors,12
28015,5,original product,Monitors,16
28016,5,Dell is always Best,Monitors,19
28017,3,good,Monitors,4
28018,5,It's awesome.nice product.,Monitors,26
28019,5,Got what I needed. Just awesome,Monitors,31
28020,5,good,Monitors,4
28021,4,good one,Monitors,8
28022,4,This is best product no damage,Monitors,30
28023,5,very very good product,Monitors,22
28024,5,Superb monitor,Monitors,14
28025,4,"Excellent packing , on time delivery",Monitors,36
28026,5,Good,Monitors,4
28027,4,very good product......and very first service....,Monitors,49
28028,5,Good product.,Monitors,13
28029,4,good,Monitors,4
28030,4,good product,Monitors,12
28031,4,its good product in low range ....best for official using...,Monitors,60
28032,5,Superb quality,Monitors,14
28033,5,No words to say about this one. Blindly buy it,Monitors,46
28034,5,avrege,Monitors,6
28035,3,good product,Monitors,12
28036,4,nice product,Monitors,12
28037,4,Awesome,Monitors,7
28038,5,good product and delivery,Monitors,25
28039,5,100 % genuine product dell monitor,Monitors,34
28040,4,best product,Monitors,12
28041,5,nice,Monitors,4
28042,5,All is Well but Warranty card is not atteched with this monitor.,Monitors,64
28043,3,very good product,Monitors,17
28044,5,good monitor,Monitors,12
28045,5,good product good service.,Monitors,26
28046,4,Fantastic at this price range,Monitors,29
28047,4,nice,Monitors,4
28048,5,all over good product but not sport different angle view,Monitors,56
28049,5,good product,Monitors,12
28050,3,NOT SATISFIED,Monitors,13
28051,4,stand broken,Monitors,12
28052,5,awesome picture quality. super easy to assemble. wish would have bought a bigger screen...,Monitors,90
28053,5,worst product don't buy waste of money,Monitors,38
28054,5,awsome,Monitors,6
28055,5,I think it's not original Dell frnds.. so I'm trying to trace by ime number,Monitors,75
28056,4,nice 1,Monitors,6
28057,4,Good monitor,Monitors,12
28058,5,It's ok,Monitors,7
28059,3,must buy this,Monitors,13
28060,1,fine,Monitors,4
28061,5,average,Monitors,7
28062,1,nice monitor good quality..,Monitors,27
28063,5,very nice,Monitors,9
28064,3,below rs4000 is good,Monitors,20
28065,4,good,Monitors,4
28066,5,very good monitor...nyc picture quality,Monitors,39
28067,3,best monitor in this price range.,Monitors,33
28068,5,Nice,Monitors,4
28069,5,this is very good product thank u flipkart for my help,Monitors,54
28070,3,it LCD not LED monitor,Monitors,22
28071,5,very very nice,Monitors,14
28072,4,satisfactory performance,Monitors,24
28073,4,Best in this price Range,Monitors,24
28074,3,superb,Monitors,6
28075,5,Good Product,Monitors,12
28076,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
28077,4,"Timely delivery, awesome product.",Monitors,33
28078,5,excellent product,Monitors,17
28079,3,It Is Amazing & I love this LED,Monitors,31
28080,5,Excellent product,Monitors,17
28081,5,Thanku,Monitors,6
28082,5,very nice product .,Monitors,19
28083,5,Nice,Monitors,4
28084,5,picture quality is excellent😍,Monitors,29
28085,4,Display is not that good. I am using Acer 24 inch in my office from last 10 years but still better than this product.,Monitors,117
28086,5,"Good product, fast delivery....thanks flipkart..",Monitors,48
28087,5,nice product,Monitors,12
28088,5,best product best price ?,Monitors,25
28089,4,very nice but mfg Oct 2018 one year old,Monitors,39
28090,4,good product,Monitors,12
28091,5,good product & best price,Monitors,25
28092,5,FABULOUS,Monitors,8
28093,5,osm,Monitors,3
28094,3,good product,Monitors,12
28095,5,best monitor,Monitors,12
28096,5,good,Monitors,4
28097,5,good monitor,Monitors,12
28098,5,good product,Monitors,12
28099,5,Very nice product..,Monitors,19
28100,5,Good,Monitors,4
28101,5,best product.,Monitors,13
28102,5,Great product good features,Monitors,27
28103,5,Good,Monitors,4
28104,5,This is lcd not led,Monitors,19
28105,3,product is good,Monitors,15
28106,5,nice led good product,Monitors,21
28107,3,OK good quality,Monitors,15
28108,5,nic,Monitors,3
28109,5,Very clear,Monitors,10
28110,5,"nyc product , don't worry buy it without any fear",Monitors,49
28111,5,Best monitor,Monitors,12
28112,5,fine,Monitors,4
28113,3,Excellent product must buy,Monitors,26
28114,5,superb,Monitors,6
28115,5,this moniter is not be rotade,Monitors,29
28116,5,Its been over a Year I am using this product...I have no issue till now..Very nice product with limited budget...,Monitors,113
28117,4,very bad experience from flipkart. monitor is is not working properly.,Monitors,70
28118,5,nice,Monitors,4
28119,4,mind blowing,Monitors,12
28120,5,good,Monitors,4
28121,4,best monitor in this buzat,Monitors,26
28122,5,super,Monitors,5
28123,5,good one,Monitors,8
28124,5,Good packaging and delivery before the time Thanks Flipkart Team,Monitors,64
28125,5,led box opens already opened but led working ok,Monitors,47
28126,2,good,Monitors,4
28127,5,it's nice to work on it,Monitors,23
28128,5,Nice,Monitors,4
28129,5,very good product in low price,Monitors,30
28130,4,fine,Monitors,4
28131,5,"Okay, as per budget. Don't expect much. Just entry level monitor but better than others in the same price range.",Monitors,112
28132,5,Good,Monitors,4
28133,5,just superbbbbb,Monitors,15
28134,5,Good product,Monitors,12
28135,4,good,Monitors,4
28136,4,Excellent!,Monitors,10
28137,5,good product,Monitors,12
28138,4,Nice product...,Monitors,15
28139,5,good quality,Monitors,12
28140,3,Good product,Monitors,12
28141,4,fist,Monitors,4
28142,5,Good,Monitors,4
28143,5,aswam quality products. thanks Dell and filipcart.,Monitors,50
28144,5,good product,Monitors,12
28145,5,fentastic performance,Monitors,21
28146,3,good,Monitors,4
28147,5,nice display and colour contrast but the brightness is too much even after adjusting,Monitors,84
28148,5,Really nice product but I don't think it worth 5000 rupees,Monitors,58
28149,5,stand could have been bettet,Monitors,28
28150,5,Good Product In this Range,Monitors,26
28151,5,Quality is not that much good but its best in offered cost.,Monitors,59
28152,5,i am happy,Monitors,10
28153,5,awesome productt at awesome price,Monitors,33
28154,5,"Good Product , must buy..",Monitors,25
28155,5,Super value for money,Monitors,21
28156,4,Go for it,Monitors,9
28157,5,there was no CD in the delivered monitor. Can you send me one? kamal,Monitors,68
28158,4,good,Monitors,4
28159,4,cool product . . .,Monitors,18
28160,5,delivered in right time,Monitors,23
28161,5,working fine,Monitors,12
28162,5,good product,Monitors,12
28163,5,nice monitor,Monitors,12
28164,5,nice product,Monitors,12
28165,5,good,Monitors,4
28166,4,Nice,Monitors,4
28167,5,VERY NICE ONE. GOOD PRODUCT,Monitors,27
28168,5,expectation was high that was the problem.. though its a good product . I expected more from dell,Monitors,97
28169,4,excellent and fast delivery as per specifications. Thank You flipkart and Dell.,Monitors,79
28170,5,like this..👍👌,Monitors,13
28171,3,Nice Product,Monitors,12
28172,4,Good product. Well packed prompt delivery.,Monitors,42
28173,1,nice one,Monitors,8
28174,5,Product delivered in good condition. Overall its good.,Monitors,54
28175,4,"Dell always best, For eye problem persons you can use this.",Monitors,59
28176,4,excellent................... good product,Monitors,41
28177,3,Nice,Monitors,4
28178,5,Nice Quality,Monitors,12
28179,5,Good product,Monitors,12
28180,5,Really nice monitor.. got it in cheap price worth for this price 3400 inr.. dont over think.. just go for it.,Monitors,109
28181,5,Not LED it is LCD,Monitors,17
28182,3,Gud for this price. Timely delivery,Monitors,35
28183,3,It's a pure lcd monitor.,Monitors,24
28184,5,so far so good!!!,Monitors,17
28185,5,excellent,Monitors,9
28186,3,Good,Monitors,4
28187,5,quality very nice,Monitors,17
28188,5,Nice super,Monitors,10
28189,5,"For your information as shown in the site it is not HD LED monitor, it is only LCD monitor, some thing I disappointed. Your service is great. Kindly remove the term LED.",Monitors,169
28190,1,superb,Monitors,6
28191,5,so nice,Monitors,7
28192,4,"good monitor , working properly,good shipment",Monitors,45
28193,5,good,Monitors,4
28194,5,nice,Monitors,4
28195,5,Suberb product,Monitors,14
28196,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
28197,5,Ok but it have hdmi & VGA is better option,Monitors,42
28198,5,Super product in Rs. 5009,Monitors,25
28199,5,good,Monitors,4
28200,4,Very nice led Include vga port + hdmi port + earphones sockets,Monitors,62
28201,4,nice product....,Monitors,16
28202,4,back stand is not adjustable. you can't move screen upwards,Monitors,59
28203,1,Good,Monitors,4
28204,5,Nice product..👌,Monitors,15
28205,5,nice dilever,Monitors,12
28206,4,good,Monitors,4
28207,5,simply superb for this price,Monitors,28
28208,5,good product,Monitors,12
28209,5,good product .worth price. delivered before date . happy with.,Monitors,62
28210,5,Good,Monitors,4
28211,3,side view is not good,Monitors,21
28212,4,Expectations meet!! Good in graphics and quality. Thank you Flipkart & Sellers,Monitors,78
28213,5,nice product..,Monitors,14
28214,5,thank,Monitors,5
28215,5,good,Monitors,4
28216,5,picture quality is really very bad,Monitors,34
28217,5,Worth to buy... Nice product,Monitors,28
28218,4,so happy this product is good,Monitors,29
28219,5,good nice monitor,Monitors,17
28220,4,Good Dell monitor purchase 5k,Monitors,29
28221,5,"delivery was on time but no cd driver came with the box and vga cable found defective. The plastic used for led body was of really cheap quality. I cant expect such a low quality plastic from such a brand. Display quality is decent, hdmi port is very useful.",Monitors,258
28222,5,Screen resolution and quality of the items is good.,Monitors,51
28223,5,good one,Monitors,8
28224,5,very good moniter and flipkart service,Monitors,38
28225,1,Nice product,Monitors,12
28226,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
28227,5,Super,Monitors,5
28228,4,Well Products with HD Quality in Lower Price,Monitors,44
28229,4,Good,Monitors,4
28230,3,Good view,Monitors,9
28231,4,Superb quality of monitor......best in cheap rate,Monitors,49
28232,5,Exclent Del every by seller Thank you,Monitors,37
28233,5,Very nice products,Monitors,18
28234,4,Very very good product in less price with HDMI and VGA. Happy with this product. Thanks flipkart....,Monitors,100
28235,5,Pretty decent for the price,Monitors,27
28236,5,Nice and good...,Monitors,16
28237,5,Super,Monitors,5
28238,4,Excellent monitor..,Monitors,19
28239,4,Very good product,Monitors,17
28240,5,Monitor is awesome,Monitors,18
28241,5,Good,Monitors,4
28242,4,Excellent product...Real value for money.,Monitors,41
28243,5,Not good product,Monitors,16
28244,4,Good,Monitors,4
28245,5,"wow nice excellent, only request- please provide long lenghty power cables",Monitors,74
28246,5,Super,Monitors,5
28247,5,Nice product,Monitors,12
28248,4,Good,Monitors,4
28249,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28250,4,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28251,5,Good,Monitors,4
28252,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28253,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28254,5,Good,Monitors,4
28255,3,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28256,4,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28257,5,Good,Monitors,4
28258,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28259,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28260,5,Good,Monitors,4
28261,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28262,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28263,5,Good,Monitors,4
28264,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28265,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28266,5,Good,Monitors,4
28267,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28268,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28269,5,Good,Monitors,4
28270,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28271,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28272,5,Good,Monitors,4
28273,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28274,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28275,5,Good,Monitors,4
28276,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28277,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28278,5,Good,Monitors,4
28279,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28280,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28281,5,Good,Monitors,4
28282,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28283,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28284,5,Good,Monitors,4
28285,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28286,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28287,5,Good,Monitors,4
28288,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28289,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28290,5,Good,Monitors,4
28291,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28292,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28293,5,Good,Monitors,4
28294,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28295,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28296,5,Good,Monitors,4
28297,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28298,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28299,5,Good,Monitors,4
28300,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28301,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28302,5,Good,Monitors,4
28303,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28304,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28305,5,Good,Monitors,4
28306,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28307,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28308,5,Good,Monitors,4
28309,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28310,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28311,5,Good,Monitors,4
28312,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28313,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28314,5,Good,Monitors,4
28315,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28316,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28317,5,Good,Monitors,4
28318,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28319,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28320,5,Good,Monitors,4
28321,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28322,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28323,5,Good,Monitors,4
28324,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28325,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28326,5,Good,Monitors,4
28327,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28328,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28329,5,Good,Monitors,4
28330,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28331,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28332,5,Good,Monitors,4
28333,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28334,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28335,5,Good,Monitors,4
28336,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28337,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28338,5,Good,Monitors,4
28339,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28340,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28341,5,Good,Monitors,4
28342,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28343,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28344,5,Good,Monitors,4
28345,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28346,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28347,5,Good,Monitors,4
28348,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28349,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28350,5,Good,Monitors,4
28351,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28352,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28353,5,Good,Monitors,4
28354,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28355,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28356,5,Good,Monitors,4
28357,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28358,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28359,5,Good,Monitors,4
28360,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28361,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28362,5,Good,Monitors,4
28363,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28364,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28365,5,Good,Monitors,4
28366,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28367,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28368,5,Good,Monitors,4
28369,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28370,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28371,5,Good,Monitors,4
28372,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28373,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28374,5,Good,Monitors,4
28375,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28376,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28377,5,Good,Monitors,4
28378,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28379,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28380,5,Good,Monitors,4
28381,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28382,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28383,5,Good,Monitors,4
28384,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28385,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28386,5,Good,Monitors,4
28387,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28388,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28389,5,Good,Monitors,4
28390,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28391,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28392,5,Good,Monitors,4
28393,5,It's great in this range. We can also use it as a TV as it have HDMI support. Thanks Flipkart for this product and product delivered in just 2 days.,Monitors,148
28394,5,I loved it so much. Best product at this price with HDMI connectivity. Thanks Dell,Monitors,82
28395,5,the best product in low price osm the sound quality is good i like this product very much osm love it,Monitors,101
28396,5,excellent product it's wark super just go this.. super bass i will happy thanks flip kart.and zebronics,Monitors,103
28397,5,Very nice quality of sound and Bass. Mere taraf se sjggestion h is price me isse behtar koi bhi speaker nhi h. Thank you flipkart and thank you zebronics for this amazing speaker.😍😍,Monitors,181
28398,5,"These are the best and the most affordable home theatre in this price range , even though we feel like the bass is less it manages pretty decently and the design is good ,build quality is awsome . The audio quality is also good",Monitors,227
28399,5,yes the speakers are very cool and of good quality but the surprising thing is it delivered in just 3 days Bluetooth range is 12 to 15 ft. only volume control is given no bass controller At the end I love the look and design good work Zebronics,Monitors,244
28400,5,"4.1 Speaker are amazing as always, its the Bluetooth thats make its awesome... Sounds goods, It has a splitter in the satellite speaker for better sound surround and trust me it works Fine. The splitter is a grill that reduces direct impact of the sound waves and create a pleasing sound. The remote control is quite enough size to hold easily in hand. Its pretty good speaker under 3k.",Monitors,386
28401,5,"I couldn’t have asked for a better model. Having searched for over 20 different models spanning 5 brands, it didn’t take me a second to finalise Zebronics BT 4440 speaker.  For my budget, for my room, this is a PERFECT FIT! On top of that this model had over 35k reviews, gotta be a HIT! And undoubtedly it is!!!!  That tripping bass, apt balance of the treble and fundamentally superb sound is just #Majedaar!! Its compact being a 4.1 model.  True Sound Monster!! Can’t wait to try on the Dolb...",Monitors,497
28402,5,"I am happy with the product and it's look also good. bass is some what low. sound quality is good upto 50% of total volume , but at full volume sound is not that good. overall I am satisfied with the product. thank you Flipkart for timely delivery.",Monitors,248
28403,5,Its a average product do not compare with brand speakers. I will give this sound clarity (3.8). And the bass its not you enjoy but its ok i will give the bass quality (3). And especially the design is very good. I will give the rate (4). I have to tell you something. its not you like the other home theater it an average product. But its ok for the family.,Monitors,357
28404,5,I was searching for a budget range home theater and really this one is superb for me best bass with best sound quality...😍 Don't think just go for it,Home Theathre,149
28405,5,"Good quality.. Bass of sub woofer is not high, not low.... Perfect for home users, bt not suitable for big party... Sound does not cracks at max. Volume... Good finish.. Bluetooth streaming works fine...   Good soundsystem at this price",Home Theathre,236
28406,5,nice product except oder nice bass nice volume bluetooth and aux cable free inside,Home Theathre,82
28407,4,I am writing this comment after 2-3 years and its perfectly fine and sound quality is same as new don't hesitate just buy it and thank me later,Home Theathre,143
28408,4,"hiii I buy this last month and after using from last few days , I will say it's a nice product as per price , sound quality is good with good baas, according to 60 watt it's a great home theatre for ur living room or for bed room . and yes it's made in india.",Home Theathre,259
28409,5,sound quality is good but not bass volume so it can not best . all is good,Home Theathre,74
28410,5,i am happy on receiving the product. sound clarity is perfect like theatre effect. best perfomance. my family like verymuch. the only one complaint is the ON/OFF switch is on back side.,Home Theathre,185
28411,4,nice product at this prize range. I like it.dont think! just go for it! thanks again flipkart 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😊😊😊😊😊😊😊iam happy with this product 😘,Home Theathre,178
28412,4,"Good product No doubt about this product it works well excellent Sound System, Good Bluetooth, I got it in time.",Home Theathre,112
28413,5,It worth every penny good sound super bass. Just buy during bbd you will get for low price.,Home Theathre,91
28414,4,"awsome product in this price range ,sound qyality is to good smooth sound bass good awsome product and what a service given by flipkart thank u flipkart 4 fast delievery great service..",Home Theathre,185
28415,5,Wait for 1999. Otherwise it's too much awesome and solid pair of speakers. I don't think that one can get more better than this in this price range,Home Theathre,147
28416,5,nice quality is good. I purchased this product at 2500 Rs which is cheaply available as compared to other. Bluetooth also well connecting. All speakers designed in open condition which is not safe if there would be net guard that will be fine. it has remote also.,Home Theathre,263
28417,4,Akshay From Kerala. For this Price its awesome. Superb sound quality nice range for bluetooth connection and about bass its ok fine for home use,Home Theathre,144
28418,4,"I am Giving review after using around 3months . it's awesome Product , Good sound quality , Nice Bass . Really Enjoying the music in this .. Well designed with 3 different color effects in night time.. if they gave Bass adjustment Switch then it will be more Happy . But it was not given ..",Home Theathre,290
28419,4,Best product in this price range...bass quality is super duper great...very much satisfied.  First i got faulty piece but they replaced it with great piece..now it works very well. Slight issue with bluetooth connectivity..but works ok ok.  Must buy product at this price,Home Theathre,271
28420,4,"REALLY THE BASS AND THE SOUND QUALITY IS JUST AMAZING,HONEST REVIEWS:- BASS:-10/10. SOUND QUALITY:-10/10. BUILD QUALITY:-10/10. STYLE STATEMENT:-10/10.(FOR THE LED LIGHT, IT'S JUST AWESOME. FLIPKART DELIVERY 10/10. PRODUCT PACKAGING:-10/10. OVERALL SOUND QUALITY PLUS BASS AT FULL(MAXIMUM)VOLUME,STILL NO SOUND DROP:-10/10. THANK YOU SO MUCH ZEBRONICS FOR MAKING THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT,PROUD TO BE AN INDIAN AND USE AN INDIAN PRODUCT,USE THIS HOME THEATRE INSTEAD OF USING,F AND D,BEST IN THIS BUD...",Home Theathre,500
28421,5,I have received my product before time. I checked all things and looks can kill you so fascinating product. It is working well with good bass.you cannot expect sony and other brand with this price. Also providing lots of feature including Bluetooth and fm. I will recommend you to buy it without any doubt.,Home Theathre,306
28422,4,First impression seems pretty good tho. Decent build quality. Crank up the volume to 100% to get yo neighbors call the cops on you 😂😂. I suggest you use a different aux cable instead of the one sent in package for better quality and more sound volume. Volume gets a bit low on bluetooth tho. Don't wanna complain about it tho. Been working pretty well for the past couple of months. 👉😏👉,Home Theathre,386
28423,5,"This home theater speaker , bass quality is so good . this home theater design is very attractive . actually the quality of this product is very good in term of price.",Home Theathre,167
28424,5,wow nice n clear sound and also bass n Bluetooth fast delivery,Home Theathre,62
28425,5,Ilike this sound system because of great quality sound for worth of money Igot it for 2500 which I thought was quite high for this. It is perfect at a rate of 2000,Home Theathre,163
28426,5,This good quality and very nice sound better sound home theatre best home theatre...,Home Theathre,84
28427,5,"It's sound quality was very good but in very low volume the vocal can't clearly audible only the bass audible more but in medium (40% or more) volume the sound quality is awesome that time bass and vocals are adjusted , but I have received a damaged remote it can't work but the Bluetooth mode is easy to use handsfree, and it is worth in price 1950/-.",Home Theathre,352
28428,5,Excellent Product. Thanks Flipkart for extremely quick delivery. Sound and Bass Quality is Good Design is also very good Overall very good product by Zebronics. Thumbs up for Zebronics.👍,Home Theathre,186
28429,5,"Zebronic speakers & woofer is a very nice product. It can be used for the normal Led & Lcd TVs as it is wired connection and also good part is we can connect with Bluetooth devices as well so this product with add on features makes it good one. Sound & woofer qualityis awesome, hope so it continues the same way for long time. Overall awesome product at this price range.",Home Theathre,372
28430,5,Super quality. Loved it. Would surely recommend to a music lover,Home Theathre,64
28431,4,Good sound Good base Good style Good voice and clear sound,Home Theathre,58
28432,5,"Overall sound quality is good ,bass is also good display look very well i am very happy to buy this",Home Theathre,99
28433,5,"Great looks and great finishing, good bulit quality. Anyone will fall for its first look. I think the bass is a bit less, but overall good quality sound.",Home Theathre,153
28434,5,awesome product good sound good look price wise better home theatre,Home Theathre,67
28435,3,sound is good bass is good as per price overall good speaker of you are looking around 2k budget,Home Theathre,96
28436,4,"Super product from flipkart ,Good quality ,Sound system in not bad i like it , Price is very less i got it from 2000rupee ,i am happy to getting this product ,Thank you flipkart giving amazing offer to customers",Home Theathre,211
28437,5,super sound clarity and the bass also so good .. nice product and value for money in this price range,Home Theathre,101
28438,4,very nice 👌 product love you very happy so nice,Home Theathre,47
28439,5,"Actually I have seen this in my friend's home. Which looks preety cute and it was worth for this price. So I was thinking to buy the same on one fine day, this billion day sale helped me in full-filling my wish.  Thanks to delivery too.",Home Theathre,236
28440,5,"This system sound has prity good & model is to cool n nice desighne. Bt when I was unboxed then i wach, woofer back 2 down side cornar was little smashed.",Home Theathre,154
28441,5,This is the best 4.1 speaker anyone can get in this prize range. And ofcourse lots of thanks to Flipkart for this wonderful product.,Home Theathre,132
28442,5,price worth.... can reach ur expectation,Home Theathre,40
28443,5,This is the best one from zebronics . don't think to much just buy it.,Home Theathre,70
28444,4,"Excellent product with unbelievable bass and treble and music quality. I had selected this product sometime back but not ordered and places the same in my kart for a couple of months. Then i saw the same model in ""Best Price store"" and checked its functioning and sound quality and above all its bluetooth function and while reaching at home i ordeted the same from Flipkart. Its truely value for money. This was my third product from Flipkart. Thanks Flipkart for its quality products and speedy ...",Home Theathre,500
28445,3,"Nice product value for money, But its very tiny bass is to low and sound clarity is better i like that use only desktop",Home Theathre,119
28446,4,Nice product in this price range. Especially the sound quality is very good. And bass is just up to mark.. really loving this. Very good purchase from Flipkart.,Home Theathre,160
28447,5,nice product nice bass and sound quality also good build quality fantastic,Home Theathre,74
28448,4,Hi ..Fst Thanks for Flipkart and Seller for ratting 5.both of giving the best offer with aswome quality of product.  Time delivery 5 quality 4.5  Totally am happy with amazing purchase for billion day...  thanks for flipkart again...,Home Theathre,233
28449,5,"Good product with in the low cost. Bass,sound clarity and designing is good. Thank u to flipkart for neat packing and deliver.",Home Theathre,126
28450,5,it is a very usefull product... its sound qualities are amazing.. i really love this product... thank you zebronics and thank you flipkart....,Home Theathre,142
28451,4,nice speaker but the sound quality is good but I think they need to improve a little bit and the bass quality is awesome very good product I recommend it to buy nice product,Home Theathre,173
28452,5,Got it during BBD at a competitive price. Good in terms of sound quality and light weight. Worthy for what has been paid.,Home Theathre,121
28453,5,awesome product ..sound and bass is good for this price range ... awesome go for it guys,Home Theathre,88
28454,4,Really good product .... in this much price it is amazing .... Really loved it ... the bass sound is awesome...,Home Theathre,111
28455,5,Great product. I had used it and had great sound and bass quality but sound seems to be low in big room(20ft*20ft) but in an average or small room sound is great,Home Theathre,161
28456,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28457,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28458,4,Excellent product for the price,Home Theathre,31
28459,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28460,5,Bass boost,Home Theathre,10
28461,5,The home theater is awesome. At this price range it will be best option for you to choose. Sound and Bass quality is Brilliant in Medium size rooms.Bluetooth connectivity is also best.,Home Theathre,184
28462,5,good product.. super...and my you tube channel (Rajasree all tips) subscribe to my channel. (Rajasree all tips),Home Theathre,111
28463,5,Very nice product in this price range.,Home Theathre,38
28464,5,good product,Home Theathre,12
28465,4,very good,Home Theathre,9
28466,5,Awesome quality in awesome price,Home Theathre,32
28467,4,Easy to use Good sound quality Fabulous design,Home Theathre,46
28468,4,Nice look and awesome sound... I like'it....,Home Theathre,44
28469,5,Excellent voice quality and bass,Home Theathre,32
28470,5,Awsm product,Home Theathre,12
28471,4,Good... I m so happy and satisfied this product.... Bluetooth program is impressive..,Home Theathre,85
28472,4,Sopper super power sound and bhom bhom bhoofer,Home Theathre,46
28473,5,nice,Home Theathre,4
28474,4,excellent,Home Theathre,9
28475,5,"super good quality, sound is amazing",Home Theathre,36
28476,5,super,Home Theathre,5
28477,5,Can the remote be changed as it's not working,Home Theathre,45
28478,5,In this price segment.....this product...is awesome.Bass and volume...work properly...So...I love it..😍❤️❤️,Home Theathre,107
28479,5,excellent product,Home Theathre,17
28480,4,every thing is working good./............good looking and bass sound is awesome....usb and fm and bluetooth are very well functioning.........,Home Theathre,142
28481,5,Sound and base quality is good. Design & build quality is osm. But but packing was very worst packing ratings 1🌟,Home Theathre,112
28482,4,Descent product,Home Theathre,15
28483,4,"Good Product.......... .........................,😎😎;!",Home Theathre,53
28484,5,nice,Home Theathre,4
28485,5,The speaker is awesome and sound quality is excellent bass is awesome but not give bass control,Home Theathre,95
28486,3,Nice product....Fast Delivery,Home Theathre,29
28487,5,excellent product...and fully protectively packaging....,Home Theathre,56
28488,5,most bass and sound best products,Home Theathre,33
28489,4,Vary good product but remote is not working properly,Home Theathre,52
28490,4,awesome sound quality...,Home Theathre,24
28491,4,Very good I like it,Home Theathre,19
28492,4,good sound 🔊🔊🔊🔊🔊,Home Theathre,16
28493,5,Glossy finish. Sound quality lovely. And bass quality good.,Home Theathre,59
28494,5,After replacement also the remote doesnt works. Flipkart need to check and deliver at least once otherwise product is good. Very poor quality remote,Home Theathre,148
28495,5,Awesome purchase....nice build quality and design,Home Theathre,49
28496,5,good looking & good quality........... Thanks FLIPKART,Home Theathre,54
28497,5,nice,Home Theathre,4
28498,4,superb sound quality.....♡,Home Theathre,26
28499,5,awesome product but one thing is missing that i has not giving a bass & treble controller.,Home Theathre,90
28500,5,very nice sound,Home Theathre,15
28501,4,This product is awesome. In limited amount it provides many functions which are very compatible!! Really I like this product..I recommend it.. please buy..if you are looking for..,Home Theathre,179
28502,5,Highly Recommended to everyone to buy this product with closing your Eyes. Awesome sound and Bass. Just Loved IT.,Home Theathre,113
28503,1,so nice super bass,Home Theathre,18
28504,4,i am happy to get this...😉😉,Home Theathre,27
28505,5,Gud,Home Theathre,3
28506,4,nice music bass,Home Theathre,15
28507,5,best,Home Theathre,4
28508,4,Super sound quality,Home Theathre,19
28509,5,"good ,value for money",Home Theathre,21
28510,5,Good quality I'm so happy this product please go it thanks to flipkart I'm 10day use this home theater,Home Theathre,102
28511,5,nice product,Home Theathre,12
28512,5,Xlnt Bass!!,Home Theathre,11
28513,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28514,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28515,5,Osam sound,Home Theathre,10
28516,5,Super sound and bass super best valu for money,Home Theathre,46
28517,4,It's good,Home Theathre,9
28518,4,Excellent product and superb build quality. Superb bass.,Home Theathre,56
28519,5,"Very good product,in this price thank you Flipkart",Home Theathre,50
28520,5,item was superb and fast delivery,Home Theathre,33
28521,5,caution ⚠️ not for bass love otherwise best in it's class,Home Theathre,57
28522,3,Sound quality good. I found damaged product. Flip kart replaced immediately. Good service from flipkart.,Home Theathre,104
28523,5,value of money,Home Theathre,14
28524,5,I have buying this product ₹ 2000,Home Theathre,33
28525,5,Most sound,Home Theathre,10
28526,4,very good product and clear sound you must be buy by Abhijit mandal,Home Theathre,67
28527,5,"Go for this closing your eyes, nice bass, good connectivity, good sound",Home Theathre,71
28528,5,sound quality is great but Bass Is very less,Home Theathre,44
28529,5,Cool and affordable very good if I had more money then I have bought it many times.,Home Theathre,83
28530,4,"good product, nice bass, very good design ,",Home Theathre,43
28531,5,Super sound,Home Theathre,11
28532,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28533,1,Amazing on this price Good & nice pouduct,Home Theathre,41
28534,5,Excellent 😍🔥🔥🔥,Home Theathre,14
28535,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28536,5,best product in this range clear sound great bass. but flipkart is the worst service provider,Home Theathre,93
28537,4,It’s nice product and bass also good quality but lately delivered,Home Theathre,65
28538,5,Good sound quility,Home Theathre,18
28539,5,Sound sounds good,Home Theathre,17
28540,3,everything is good bu. it cant be a hang in option.only place an under support.,Home Theathre,79
28541,1,It was awesome.....i really like this 👌👌,Home Theathre,40
28542,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
28543,5,The best home theater in range,Home Theathre,30
28544,5,"I purchased product in flipkart. Power supply is not working . Speaker is not getting switched on. Tried for returning product, but option not worked. Requesting flipkart to replace product.",Home Theathre,190
28545,5,Very very nice 👍👍👍,Home Theathre,18
28546,5,Good sound quality and base level is high,Home Theathre,41
28547,5,Good product and I expect more sound,Home Theathre,36
28548,4,Superb sound superb value,Home Theathre,25
28549,4,Best service from Flipkart sound is good but bass is average,Home Theathre,60
28550,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28551,3,Good product but dont bye 2999 it's available 1999 in big billion day,Home Theathre,69
28552,4,Very good tha product I'm So happy,Home Theathre,34
28553,1,super 👌👌👌👌 my second speaker. I purchase this speaker 2,Home Theathre,55
28554,5,Best in class..,Home Theathre,15
28555,5,nice product in 2499 good sound quality and bass,Home Theathre,48
28556,4,very good product from zebronics good sound good bass good look,Home Theathre,63
28557,5,Best sound quality,Home Theathre,18
28558,5,Is prize me yea to best of the best hai...it's supbbbeeeb,Home Theathre,57
28559,5,Nice product... beautiful sound quality...thank u Flipkart,Home Theathre,58
28560,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
28561,5,the bass quality is quite good... the packing is nice with very carefully.. my first time online shopping.. I am happy.. thnxx flipkart and why are you wating just wake up and tune with zebronics.. #ALWAYS AHEAD,Home Theathre,211
28562,5,superb,Home Theathre,6
28563,5,This product is not nice sound is vibrating,Home Theathre,43
28564,5,Noise after an hour come from all speakers which is irritating the environment,Home Theathre,78
28565,5,Good product for this price range....,Home Theathre,37
28566,5,very bad.. don't buy this..just 5 day ago i received the product ..and today it was stopped working..very bad.. burning smell coming from the sub hooper..i rised replacement.. let's hope for the best,Home Theathre,199
28567,4,Very nice product thank u flipkart,Home Theathre,34
28568,4,Worst Basseven on full sound. My TV has even better quality sound.,Home Theathre,66
28569,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28570,5,not good,Home Theathre,8
28571,5,very good sounds,Home Theathre,16
28572,1,Good Quality and performance.,Home Theathre,29
28573,1,"Some bass problem ,and not support for all mobile",Home Theathre,49
28574,5,Sound nice but bass low,Home Theathre,23
28575,1,Value for money Little bit of disappointment with connectivity Over all good 👍,Home Theathre,78
28576,5,BASS UPGRADE,Home Theathre,12
28577,1,good quality home theatre 🎥👌🏻❤,Home Theathre,30
28578,5,Brought at 2599 U can get it at 1999 also  Sound quality is good. Value for money. At under 2200.  Drawback No 2AA battery is given. No base control. RGB light no use Little ocuard type.,Home Theathre,186
28579,4,Sound quality & base quality good 😍,Home Theathre,35
28580,5,Sub woofer speaker very low quality sounds moreover to say it's a damaged products,Home Theathre,82
28581,5,Super sound quality 👍,Home Theathre,21
28582,1,This home theater value for money,Home Theathre,33
28583,4,Super sound quality in low budget Loved it❤️,Home Theathre,44
28584,4,After one month review this home theater woofer not work.. total waste of money.,Home Theathre,80
28585,4,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28586,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28587,3,Good product in this price...,Home Theathre,29
28588,5,Nice product in rs1999,Home Theathre,22
28589,2,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28590,4,Goood product superb sound and thanks flipkart❤,Home Theathre,47
28591,4,Worth for penny...good sound and built quality...on time delivery,Home Theathre,65
28592,5,It's not bad...I brought it in1999/..,Home Theathre,37
28593,1,Awasome sound in this price range. I purchase this home theater in 1799 by flipkart.,Home Theathre,84
28594,5,Best speakers in this price range. Earlier I was a bit skeptical whether to go for it or not. At last I purchased it. Go for it,Home Theathre,127
28595,4,Nice product...,Home Theathre,15
28596,5,sound quality is the best,Home Theathre,25
28597,4,Gud worth for money,Home Theathre,19
28598,5,It's good at 1999,Home Theathre,17
28599,5,"Nice but bass controller not given..... at this price, product is very good.",Home Theathre,76
28600,4,awesome purchase Indeed!! great bass.great sound..,Home Theathre,50
28601,4,super bass mind blowing this home theater wonderful 😘😘😘,Home Theathre,55
28602,5,"sounds quality is very good. bass not bad(good),but not excellent .over all good for this price.",Home Theathre,96
28603,4,sound quality best hi but bass thoda Kam hi best product value for 💰,Home Theathre,68
28604,5,voice is not voice is good but sound is not enough as I expected,Home Theathre,64
28605,5,nice sound quality & bass quality,Home Theathre,33
28606,4,very good as price.,Home Theathre,19
28607,4,every quality in this speaker is awesome but there is no dial to increase bass and the size is very small,Home Theathre,105
28608,4,vary nice & good,Home Theathre,16
28609,5,A1 Sound,Home Theathre,8
28610,5,mind blowing sound.... bass...👌👌 volume clearty....supb,Home Theathre,55
28611,5,nice product but bass is in built set,Home Theathre,37
28612,5,Nice.,Home Theathre,5
28613,5,nice bass & treble,Home Theathre,18
28614,5,This product Not Attached with my  lG led tv ..  shiit.,Home Theathre,55
28615,5,Good sound quality nice bass good controls,Home Theathre,42
28616,4,Awesome home theater. Love it. Thnxx flipkart for late delivery,Home Theathre,63
28617,5,Amazing & valuable product,Home Theathre,26
28618,5,Nice sound 👌👌👌👍👌.,Home Theathre,17
28619,5,nice,Home Theathre,4
28620,3,Nice and sound amazing excellent product in this price range,Home Theathre,60
28621,5,awesome bass and sound quality,Home Theathre,30
28622,4,sound super but bass average,Home Theathre,28
28623,1,its owesome experience of mine..one of best home theater as per low budget..I have another one home theater of philips bt zebronics uffer its owesome and sound quality tooo much good..I refer to that product..,Home Theathre,209
28624,4,Good and best nice sounds,Home Theathre,25
28625,4,Very nice Music system,Home Theathre,22
28626,5,Bass is not powerful.,Home Theathre,21
28627,5,Nice 👍😊😍,Home Theathre,8
28628,5,sound quality good bass normal my price range RS: 2500,Home Theathre,54
28629,5,it's good,Home Theathre,9
28630,5,Veery good sound. Build quality is awesome.,Home Theathre,43
28631,4,The sound is not clear,Home Theathre,22
28632,5,no bass,Home Theathre,7
28633,5,"I don't worths even 500/rupees also. Who gave the 4 star rating for this garbage item. I didn't understand. Very very very useless product. Don't buy these items in online. I suggest anyone to go to shop check the sound and built quality and buy it. If you buy these items in online. Only replacement option is there. You can return this. So better to go to any store. There you can check the product and sound quality or anything you want to, before you buy..",Home Theathre,460
28634,5,Bass is average there is no bass control,Home Theathre,40
28635,1,Good quality speakers..sounds loud..lot of wires..,Home Theathre,50
28636,4,nyc product...but only one problem is that it has no bass controller.,Home Theathre,69
28637,4,worst product,Home Theathre,13
28638,5,Good sound,Home Theathre,10
28639,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28640,1,Thanqu flipkart,Home Theathre,15
28641,1,Average,Home Theathre,7
28642,1,Too worst it damaged with in 3 months,Home Theathre,37
28643,3,Not good product,Home Theathre,16
28644,2,The one n only word for this 'cheap and best ' 🤑🤑,Home Theathre,49
28645,5,Bad quality,Home Theathre,11
28646,1,Awesome product got it @2299  Nice Bluetooth range,Home Theathre,50
28647,5,Best in this price range 2500,Home Theathre,29
28648,5,Wonderful product by zebronics values for money after 3 month of use... awesome product...thanks Flipkart and zebronics♥️♥️,Home Theathre,123
28649,5,Good product value for money,Home Theathre,28
28650,3,Excellent product 👌,Home Theathre,19
28651,1,Sound Quality Good & decent bass,Home Theathre,32
28652,2,This product awesome.bass perfect .value for mony,Home Theathre,49
28653,5,Suparb,Home Theathre,6
28654,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28655,4,Super base and sound quality excellent,Home Theathre,38
28656,4,Delivery boy is good,Home Theathre,20
28657,4,Everything is good but harmful price 😌. Battery backup good Sound quality super Overall that good also But price very over🤦,Home Theathre,123
28658,4,"Best home theater you can get in this price value. Sound quality is good even on high volume, Bass is good, design and quality is nice.",Home Theathre,135
28659,5,"Amaging product in this price range, sound is pretty good, bass also good. I am very much happy. Look wise it's also amazing.",Home Theathre,125
28660,3,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
28661,4,I ordered 2 home theaters one home theater not working with remote another home theater came with broken remote and remote not working . This type activities damage the goodwill.,Home Theathre,178
28662,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28663,4,Excellent Bass. Ordered it for Party and people loved to Dance on its beats.,Home Theathre,76
28664,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
28665,4,Superior,Home Theathre,8
28666,4,Super ....nice product.....,Home Theathre,27
28667,5,Very nice superb quality 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😍😍👍🏻😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 Thanks flipkart 😍😍😍😍👍🏻😍🤩🤩🤩🤩😍🥰,Home Theathre,91
28668,5,This product is great bit delivery man is bad,Home Theathre,45
28669,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
28670,1,Nice product and must buy,Home Theathre,25
28671,5,"Review after 6/7 days of usage.  Looks - nice. Sound quality - not bad, but sound cracks slightly at higher volume. Bass - just ok.  Used Bluetooth, Pendrive. Could not connect with TV (may be because my TV is almost 11 years old & the port is not working, not sure). FM - not working well.  Overall okay at this price.",Home Theathre,319
28672,5,Must buy👍 Value for money,Home Theathre,25
28673,5,good product,Home Theathre,12
28674,5,Honest review 100 % worth of the money,Home Theathre,38
28675,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28676,4,Good purchase thanks flipkart,Home Theathre,29
28677,4,Nice products,Home Theathre,13
28678,5,Nice sound quality.,Home Theathre,19
28679,5,The best speakers in this price range.,Home Theathre,38
28680,4,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
28681,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
28682,4,Wery wery good product,Home Theathre,22
28683,5,No display problem after 7 months. Not working 😕,Home Theathre,48
28684,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28685,5,Product nice I happy this product,Home Theathre,33
28686,5,It is beautiful product I have purchased nice sound and bass,Home Theathre,60
28687,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
28688,5,I loved this product Awasom sound quality,Home Theathre,41
28689,4,It's a good product,Home Theathre,19
28690,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28691,5,"Good quality and sound is very nice ,, i like product",Home Theathre,53
28692,1,Loved it... Good choice,Home Theathre,23
28693,4,Good product at this price.audio is quite loud .Happy with this product.,Home Theathre,72
28694,5,Bass low bau sound good,Home Theathre,23
28695,4,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
28696,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28697,5,Gjb bass and sound best or jabrdust home theater,Home Theathre,48
28698,4,Nice product It's superb osm👌👌,Home Theathre,30
28699,5,Quality in home theatre . bass quality in best and good quality.👌👌👌,Home Theathre,67
28700,4,Very nice enjoying with that price purchased in big billion for rs 2060,Home Theathre,71
28701,5,Worth for price I get at RS.2299,Home Theathre,32
28702,5,"Bass quality is so good,and also speakers..",Home Theathre,43
28703,5,I used this for 2-3 days . Still now I am impressed about it's performance consider it's price. Thanks Flipkart ❤️.,Home Theathre,115
28704,5,I just loved it thank u soo much flipkart....,Home Theathre,45
28705,5,Product is good...Value for money... I'm so impressed...But the customer support was so ridiculous...The courier didn't give me the product to my home and they told me to pickup from their hub... That was horrible.... That's why i can't rate above 3 star...,Home Theathre,257
28706,5,Amazing at this price enjoyed good bass,Home Theathre,39
28707,4,Zebronics BT4440 rucf 60 watt bluetooth riuten nam Sankar mahaldar. Chaimondslhat,Home Theathre,81
28708,5,Didn't like the product,Home Theathre,23
28709,4,Very good product with best sound quality,Home Theathre,41
28710,5,Zebronics my favourite brand nice bass saund amazing... Love. Thanks to flipkart,Home Theathre,80
28711,5,Nice 👌😊,Home Theathre,7
28712,4,Good product 👍 go for it,Home Theathre,24
28713,5,Most by product is very good,Home Theathre,28
28714,3,Product is very Good for this Price Range Am very much satisfied with Bass and volume level. But the Package by the seller was very bad and the Delivery Boy was handling the item like a Book. Not sure if high price item can be ordered from Flipkart with such a Poor Packaging.,Home Theathre,276
28715,5,Not too good Not too bad Only simply use A small bedroom perfect use & Delivery is soo fast,Home Theathre,91
28716,5,Excellent sound system in lesser price thanks to flip kart,Home Theathre,58
28717,2,Better audio system in the mid range Overall its good,Home Theathre,53
28718,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
28719,5,There is no bass control and territory buttons,Home Theathre,46
28720,4,Excellent...MIND Blowing...,Home Theathre,27
28721,5,Good product at 3k rupees .. awesome sound quality..very good bass. Also made in India product.,Home Theathre,95
28722,5,Awesome speaker...go for it,Home Theathre,27
28723,4,"Good but not satisfying, no basse control....",Home Theathre,45
28724,4,I will Get a damaged,Home Theathre,20
28725,5,It's main big speaker does not work after few days,Home Theathre,50
28726,5,Super sounds very nice product Thanks Flipkart good product But bass is low Overal product is ok ok,Home Theathre,99
28727,5,Very good price in 1949,Home Theathre,23
28728,2,Good,Home Theathre,4
28729,5,Sound is awesome,Home Theathre,16
28730,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28731,5,Bass and treble controller is not given. At low volume no bass.,Home Theathre,63
28732,3,Nice quality..,Home Theathre,14
28733,1,Awesome Quality Awesome voice clarity Completely Satisfied,Home Theathre,58
28734,3,Awesome quality thanks for Flipkart,Home Theathre,35
28735,5,Best product at this price.,Home Theathre,27
28736,5,Very nice ..just Loving it.. base is wow,Home Theathre,40
28737,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28738,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
28739,4,Superb,Home Theathre,6
28740,3,Value for money.,Home Theathre,16
28741,5,all are good except bass..i think bass is not good enough.other than it is ok.,Home Theathre,78
28742,5,Super sound & bass,Home Theathre,18
28743,4,Good awesome Super sound,Home Theathre,24
28744,4,Good product love this,Home Theathre,22
28745,5,Facing Bluetooth connectivity issue. Other things are good,Home Theathre,58
28746,5,nuce product,Home Theathre,12
28747,5,Good voice.....,Home Theathre,15
28748,5,"Superb sound quality, thanks flipkart",Home Theathre,37
28749,4,Nice speakers Bass higg,Home Theathre,23
28750,3,"Good product , super bass and sound .I love it.😍",Home Theathre,48
28751,5,"Horrible experience, 2 replacements, still got damaged products..finally returned next day, however pick,drop and refund process was good and finished in two days. But how on earth the selling company making such stupidity by sending third class product even in replacement...dont go for this....",Home Theathre,296
28752,5,Good quality in this rate...!😊,Home Theathre,30
28753,4,very good home theatre 😍😍😍😍,Home Theathre,27
28754,3,Sound Super Bass 👌,Home Theathre,18
28755,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
28756,5,excellent very nice sound & bass quality.,Home Theathre,41
28757,5,nice product super sound quality but remote not working condition..i bought separatly,Home Theathre,85
28758,5,good sound perfect bass 60 w but not hang speaker facility,Home Theathre,58
28759,5,boom sount,Home Theathre,10
28760,1,very good product ❤️ seller packaging poor quality 😞,Home Theathre,52
28761,5,At this price range this is an amazing home theater. Bass and Treble is super.,Home Theathre,78
28762,5,"awesome product i love this product good bass, looking good , always good,bye this product don't worry 🥰🥰🥰🥰",Home Theathre,107
28763,3,"For this price very nice product. sound quality also very good, I am very happy with this product...",Home Theathre,100
28764,4,Owsome product good sound quality But only one problem i face some time it's Bluetooth disconected automatically but it is quite rare not every time Purchase it it is good product.,Home Theathre,180
28765,5,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
28766,4,Hard bass bahut hard bahut hard Nice sounds,Home Theathre,43
28767,4,"worst product, don't purchase it,very low volume in aux & bt",Home Theathre,60
28768,4,it's very cool,Home Theathre,14
28769,4,"sound quality is ok but the bass speaker is not working properly after 5minuits of playing. So, I requested for replacement to get rejected then I tried for refund, again rejected. Such a horrible experience with Flipkart. I never expected.",Home Theathre,240
28770,5,very good,Home Theathre,9
28771,5,Main Speaker is not glued correctly from top head,Home Theathre,49
28772,5,awesome Home theater thank you flipkart,Home Theathre,39
28773,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28774,5,3 rd class item in this price. Worst product. Very very cheap sound quality and very very low quality bass. Worst product in home theater. This product is with very low quality music. Very worst item. Worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst very cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap product.,Home Theathre,394
28775,5,Good Sounds Bass Is good go for it.....,Home Theathre,39
28776,1,"nice product from Zebronics I bought it for 1999, value for money Fast delivery",Home Theathre,79
28777,5,Bhot is useless. I booked online then after 1 month its woofer stopped.Then all the speakers in Lockdown will be bad No customer support stopped since 7 months,Home Theathre,159
28778,1,good product Flipkart service is very good,Home Theathre,42
28779,5,awesome sound quality and bass. It's a must buy product,Home Theathre,55
28780,3,Really amazing product at 3k I had expected a lot but it was okk but bass was a little bit low overall it is value for money,Home Theathre,124
28781,5,its a very good hometheatre at a low price.. and having a good quality sounds from zebronics.. thankewwww flipcart..,Home Theathre,116
28782,5,Good product in such a cheap rate. Every thing is good sound design speakers specally blutooth connectivety its awsm it has a great range of connectivity but bass effect is ok. I will suggest uh to go for it💜,Home Theathre,208
28783,1,base 70% good,Home Theathre,13
28784,4,Nice Bass,Home Theathre,9
28785,5,"one speaker is not working properly, overall sound is good. previous button (both in remote and woofer) is not working",Home Theathre,118
28786,1,after using 3 months it's not in working condition and I have used it rarely very bad product pls don't buy it,Home Theathre,110
28787,4,osm speaker,Home Theathre,11
28788,5,Sound is soooooo good and quality was very very good😍😍😍😍😍pls buy this product,Home Theathre,77
28789,4,"very good product, I'm very happy ??,",Home Theathre,37
28790,5,nice sound quality but not a bass control,Home Theathre,41
28791,4,good,Home Theathre,4
28792,3,Excellent 👍👍 at this price range,Home Theathre,32
28793,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28794,3,awesome products but brass too moderate.. nothing else good looking thanks flipcart,Home Theathre,83
28795,1,very good product I really surprised,Home Theathre,36
28796,5,Audio quality is good.but seller send duplicate code/wires.,Home Theathre,59
28797,5,This product not good,Home Theathre,21
28798,5,excellent,Home Theathre,9
28799,5,Packing is poor.found in damaged condition.sound is very good.,Home Theathre,62
28800,5,Not stared new pics,Home Theathre,19
28801,5,Very clear sound Ok ok bass and best in range,Home Theathre,45
28802,5,I am writing this review after 3 month of this purchase. Presently all speakers are working nicely on all modes. Sound quality is very good. Perviously I am not confident about Zebronics but till today I doesn't observed any problem with this Product.,Home Theathre,251
28803,4,is the number one product,Home Theathre,25
28804,5,"It's a 4.1 inch speakers 1 main unit with sub 4, at first I little disappointed on its size but after fixing at home astonishingly blown my wall limit & verdict, for the PRIZE and design it's greatfully a outstanding 4.1soud systems I'm highly recommend this speakers truely values our Money, u never get disappoint with THIS🤔😐🙂😏🤗😎😋🤗😀😁😁",Home Theathre,336
28805,3,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
28806,1,Awesome product at that price #valueformoney,Home Theathre,44
28807,5,No bass,Home Theathre,7
28808,3,Super bass best choice,Home Theathre,22
28809,1,Excellent product and delivery also i have checked all options very good working condition,Home Theathre,90
28810,5,Fabulous clarity awsome sound,Home Theathre,29
28811,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
28812,5,very nice products connectivity your all elcrtion systems tv mobile computr fm,Home Theathre,78
28813,4,Nice one from Zebronics.! Sound quality is awesome! Very good product at this price range!,Home Theathre,90
28814,5,Fantastic,Home Theathre,9
28815,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28816,2,nice product ... in sort ummmmah.... music bomb in cheap price...,Home Theathre,65
28817,5,It's a good product this price great speakers,Home Theathre,45
28818,4,I think Sound should be better. Cause it's expensive...and bass is little low...,Home Theathre,80
28819,5,Its Worthy that Price .... Good one ya,Home Theathre,38
28820,5,Not bad.,Home Theathre,8
28821,5,Worthy product ...but I have one ques can I connect it to TV ?,Home Theathre,62
28822,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28823,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28824,3,Product is good,Home Theathre,15
28825,4,So good,Home Theathre,7
28826,5,Nice product.......,Home Theathre,19
28827,3,"All Things are Good.. But, bass is not Awesome..",Home Theathre,48
28828,4,Bass is very very low,Home Theathre,21
28829,2,Very poor bass quality,Home Theathre,22
28830,4,really good... 😝,Home Theathre,16
28831,4,good product,Home Theathre,12
28832,5,Damage this item,Home Theathre,16
28833,4,I don't why the price is too high.What the hell is going on with flipkart,Home Theathre,73
28834,5,Very bad experience with flip kart buy this product.i want to replace it with other but concern person not support same.don't purchases electronic products from flipkart it sounds quality like soo cheap.all over waste of money and ur time also,Home Theathre,243
28835,5,Very good products Sound is very good Bass also good,Home Theathre,52
28836,5,the home theater was awesome but little bit bass problam,Home Theathre,56
28837,1,Best home thiyetar undar 2499 dhmaka bass nice product i like you,Home Theathre,65
28838,1,Bass is very low as comparison with any of Philip's Base Model... Equalizer Button is not working in remote... SD Card is not Excepting... Bluetooth range is very short,Home Theathre,168
28839,5,Sound Quality Not Good,Home Theathre,22
28840,5,Offer not working,Home Theathre,17
28841,1,Awesome speakers,Home Theathre,16
28842,1,good sound & awesome look.,Home Theathre,26
28843,1,home theature sounds gOod. but..it have no loud sound feathers and look is very good.it is suitable for small rooms.. not loud bass..this is for not the bass lovers.. flickart delivery is good I have got it 6 days.. no bass controler,Home Theathre,233
28844,5,I hate you flipkart this product box empty delivered,Home Theathre,52
28845,4,"Very bad product woofer center speaker sounds like its speaker is damaged, very bad experience don't buy it. I purchased it by selling my philips Dsp2800 model woofer but now I feeling I have done a big mistake, no comparison with philips.",Home Theathre,239
28846,5,Unworthy product,Home Theathre,16
28847,1,Good quality and nice look. But bass system is low.,Home Theathre,51
28848,2,Nice Product,Home Theathre,12
28849,1,Tq Flipkart..🥰,Home Theathre,14
28850,5,Awesome homethiter bass super,Home Theathre,29
28851,4,"Such as a nice product on this 1999 price Looking very good, Don't buy on 2999",Home Theathre,78
28852,3,Nice product value for the money,Home Theathre,32
28853,1,Base sounds and subwoofer is not working.worst product,Home Theathre,54
28854,1,"perfect sounds, mind blowing.",Home Theathre,29
28855,1,within 15 -20 min.. heavy heat....& extra noise form inside of main unit ....very bad experience..,Home Theathre,98
28856,5,super excited product,Home Theathre,21
28857,5,Nice product & bass is a dhamaka,Home Theathre,32
28858,5,good product.....go for it,Home Theathre,26
28859,5,Bass is perfect .. Every Beat is crystal and clear .. Loved it,Home Theathre,62
28860,5,Sound is good. But treble is much more than bass. Treble and bass can't be controlled manually. It's an automatic setup. It would be better if bass and treble could be controlled. I fell bass is a bit low. It could have been increased. Otherwise sound clarity and build quality is good. Remote is not soft touch. hard press needs to be done. And it requires 2 AAA size battery which doesn't come with in the box. Need to purchase separately.,Home Theathre,441
28861,5,"Quality is good,,, but remote is in damaged condition",Home Theathre,53
28862,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
28863,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28864,1,Base is poor only look is good nothing else,Home Theathre,43
28865,4,sound system good ??,Home Theathre,20
28866,5,Good quality song,Home Theathre,17
28867,5,Nyc bass quality,Home Theathre,16
28868,5,Very nice audio very nice bass,Home Theathre,30
28869,4,Sound and bass is ok but over heading and bad connectivity.jaring AUX cable connectivity very bad and very bad sound AUX out is very bad,Home Theathre,136
28870,4,Good sound,Home Theathre,10
28871,3,Nice 👍,Home Theathre,6
28872,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
28873,2,Equalizer doesn't work... .. Its fake on the remote... Most of the remote keys are disfunctuional... But the sound quality is good.. And the bass is great...,Home Theathre,157
28874,5,this product remote not working please check first don't waste late,Home Theathre,67
28875,2,Sound quality best but bass volume at low...But happy now..🤗,Home Theathre,60
28876,5,Just Superb,Home Theathre,11
28877,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28878,1,Good base and medium sound quality.,Home Theathre,35
28879,5,"Worth product ,great bass and sound quality",Home Theathre,43
28880,5,Better go for bigger size speaker Pay little more and get bigger home theatre of zebronics,Home Theathre,90
28881,5,Awesome product and delivery process,Home Theathre,36
28882,4,This is a good product,Home Theathre,22
28883,2,Not good,Home Theathre,8
28884,4,Very nice home theatre in this price segment.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊,Home Theathre,99
28885,5,I satisfy this product in this range,Home Theathre,36
28886,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28887,5,Best product in this price.,Home Theathre,27
28888,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28889,3,"Budget Home Theatre, Good",Home Theathre,25
28890,5,GRT SOUND....U CN GO FR IT...😍,Home Theathre,30
28891,5,Nice product money for product sound quality Aevreg bass quality superb,Home Theathre,71
28892,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
28893,5,Very osm,Home Theathre,8
28894,4,Really the product is awesome 😍 value of money Thank you Flipkart ❤️ Love this Home Theater ❤️ Happy me... please buy the product sont waste of time ✌🏻 hurry up 🥳🥳🥳🥳🤗🤭🤭🤭,Home Theathre,169
28895,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
28896,5,"Nice product, I am very thankful to flipkart",Home Theathre,44
28897,5,Nice and good product,Home Theathre,21
28898,4,Osm bass,Home Theathre,8
28899,5,Worst product ..Not working...customer care also not reponse properly .. waste of money😠😡😡,Home Theathre,90
28900,5,Very good product nice bass,Home Theathre,27
28901,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28902,5,"Don't go for this if you really want the good music with good base.Go for the other higher than this product.Overall Average performance.Not Recommend,At last its all upto you.",Home Theathre,176
28903,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
28904,4,Good product but when we connect bluetooth sound little low compare to fm sound oter wise good .,Home Theathre,96
28905,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
28906,5,Worth product for its cost must buy...,Home Theathre,38
28907,5,Super sounds...good bass...best quality,Home Theathre,39
28908,1,Superb,Home Theathre,6
28909,5,Sound quality not good,Home Theathre,22
28910,5,need some bass,Home Theathre,14
28911,4,Waste of money,Home Theathre,14
28912,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28913,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28914,5,Bass is amazing good sound,Home Theathre,26
28915,4,Good product Thanks to flipcart,Home Theathre,31
28916,5,At this price point osm product,Home Theathre,31
28917,5,It is a very good quality product in cheap rate,Home Theathre,47
28918,1,Sounds quality is Best .. Bass not ok ..,Home Theathre,40
28919,3,Bad product,Home Theathre,11
28920,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
28921,5,Baas is power full 🌝,Home Theathre,20
28922,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28923,5,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
28924,5,Just aswm,Home Theathre,9
28925,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28926,5,A product in dellema not the best but not worst value for money,Home Theathre,63
28927,3,Good Product at the price range,Home Theathre,31
28928,2,Nice product....😄😄,Home Theathre,18
28929,4,Best in this price range,Home Theathre,24
28930,5,Nice prodecet,Home Theathre,13
28931,5,I am writing this review 20 days after I used this home theater. 1 Sound is fine but seems to be a bit missed as Clarity. 2. The base does not come down unless the base is full sound. 3.Bluetooth connection is good. 4.The design and model of the home theater is excellent. My overall rating for home theater is 3.5,Home Theathre,314
28932,5,Sound is good.,Home Theathre,14
28933,5,Superb sound on this price,Home Theathre,26
28934,4,Good Products,Home Theathre,13
28935,3,Awesome 👌👍😍😍😍😍😍 Sounds Tq u Flipkart,Home Theathre,36
28936,5,bad,Home Theathre,3
28937,5,"Mind blowing purchase, i am happy 😊 if anyone want budget with high bass then go for it.. Zebronics product has fabulous,",Home Theathre,121
28938,5,Good quality....,Home Theathre,16
28939,4,Worth of mony. But bass is respectively low. Sound quality also much good.,Home Theathre,74
28940,4,"Super,",Home Theathre,6
28941,4,lower price Bild quality super. Thanq flipkart..,Home Theathre,48
28942,4,Not good sound but bass excellent,Home Theathre,33
28943,5,SUEPR BASS I AM BIG FAN OF MY HOME THEATER ZEBRONICS THANKS 😊 TO FLIPKART,Home Theathre,73
28944,5,Delivered late but delivery boys are humble and nice,Home Theathre,52
28945,2,Good,Home Theathre,4
28946,5,"No bass control switch. No eq mode, got defective aux cable to connect with mobile, Bluetooth connectivity is good. Rest is fine.",Home Theathre,129
28947,4,Excellent ...😍😍😍sound super😍😍😍🌹🌹,Home Theathre,32
28948,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28949,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
28950,5,Amazing super sound bass ultrasound value for money.... really happy thanks to filpcart,Home Theathre,87
28951,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28952,5,Value of Money,Home Theathre,14
28953,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28954,5,It's super.i like it,Home Theathre,20
28955,3,Good padak,Home Theathre,10
28956,5,Product is good ... I am setishfide this product ... ..value for money...👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻,Home Theathre,79
28957,5,I love it 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😊😊😊,Home Theathre,52
28958,5,Bass is much good but sound is good as compare to price of home theater,Home Theathre,71
28959,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28960,5,Awesome 😊😊 sound quality,Home Theathre,24
28961,5,Nice product 👍,Home Theathre,14
28962,4,Very nice good sound,Home Theathre,20
28963,5,Value for money 🤑🤑🤑🤑💰,Home Theathre,21
28964,5,Bass is so good,Home Theathre,15
28965,4,Awesome ..sound quality is jabardast,Home Theathre,36
28966,5,Very Worst Piece is damage,Home Theathre,26
28967,2,Excellent voice .bass is something down but all nice,Home Theathre,52
28968,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
28969,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28970,5,Totally Satisfied,Home Theathre,17
28971,5,Good sound,Home Theathre,10
28972,3,Simply good,Home Theathre,11
28973,3,Amazing product,Home Theathre,15
28974,5,Super nice,Home Theathre,10
28975,1,bad product,Home Theathre,11
28976,4,Nicw,Home Theathre,4
28977,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
28978,4,Superb sound system in this price range segment.. awesome.. go for it.. thank u flipkart fr the awesome deal..,Home Theathre,110
28979,4,The quality of bass is not as expected,Home Theathre,38
28980,5,"This is very poor quality home theater . Problems with connectivity . It is keep on disconnecting meanwhile. Also , it's remote not working at all.",Home Theathre,147
28981,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28982,5,Nice product with nice sound quality compared to high branded home theater.,Home Theathre,75
28983,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28984,1,"Bass was not good, poor quality.",Home Theathre,32
28985,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
28986,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
28987,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
28988,3,Very nice product...go flipkart Thank you flipkart ..team,Home Theathre,57
28989,1,Nice product becuz prices,Home Theathre,25
28990,3,Superb quality,Home Theathre,14
28991,5,It's very good for low budget. Sound quality is good for peacefully listeners. Loved it,Home Theathre,87
28992,4,Sound and bass overall giving 3*,Home Theathre,32
28993,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
28994,4,Sound hearing with noise Errrrrrrrrrrrrrr! What's this.. Worst quality within 15 days,Home Theathre,85
28995,5,Best quality in price sound and bass very clear and thanks flipkart.,Home Theathre,68
28996,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
28997,5,Superb sound quality..,Home Theathre,22
28998,4,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
28999,5,Good Product Value for Money,Home Theathre,28
29000,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29001,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29002,3,"Good product, cheep and best ,",Home Theathre,30
29003,1,It's a amazing sound,Home Theathre,20
29004,5,Very bad product only two speaker working,Home Theathre,41
29005,5,Good quality and sound quality is best ❤️,Home Theathre,41
29006,5,Awesome product 👍👍👍,Home Theathre,19
29007,4,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
29008,5,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
29009,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29010,4,"Good,",Home Theathre,5
29011,3,Sound quality very good,Home Theathre,23
29012,5,Best in price,Home Theathre,13
29013,1,It's really amazing,Home Theathre,19
29014,5,Super product,Home Theathre,13
29015,5,Just ok.. Average.,Home Theathre,18
29016,5,Good in sound,Home Theathre,13
29017,5,Most valuable Speaker..... Very nice sound quality....,Home Theathre,54
29018,5,Super sound and bass,Home Theathre,20
29019,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29020,5,Perfect,Home Theathre,7
29021,5,Wow,Home Theathre,3
29022,5,Nice Home Theater...,Home Theathre,20
29023,4,Good product in this budget.,Home Theathre,28
29024,3,Very nice perfect,Home Theathre,17
29025,4,It's amazing sound and bass i love this product 🥰🥰🥰❤❤,Home Theathre,53
29026,5,Amazing sound,Home Theathre,13
29027,5,Good product superbbb.,Home Theathre,22
29028,4,"Sounds good,good connectivity,bass is little bit disappointing at this price range and no bass control button.",Home Theathre,110
29029,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29030,5,Amazing product thank you Flipkart,Home Theathre,34
29031,4,Sound quality is best but bass not best,Home Theathre,39
29032,5,Excelent,Home Theathre,8
29033,5,Nice sounds,Home Theathre,11
29034,5,Good product..,Home Theathre,14
29035,5,Super 🥰,Home Theathre,7
29036,5,Good sound I am also so happy,Home Theathre,29
29037,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29038,5,Sounding super,Home Theathre,14
29039,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29040,4,Value for money products happy to buying,Home Theathre,40
29041,5,Excellent Bass,Home Theathre,14
29042,5,It is good but bass control is not available.,Home Theathre,45
29043,5,PRODUCT IS GOOD BUT TIME TO TIME SPEAKER VOLUME LOW,Home Theathre,51
29044,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29045,4,Good product under 2k,Home Theathre,21
29046,5,Osm.. Good sounds Bass good,Home Theathre,27
29047,4,Very nice sound,Home Theathre,15
29048,5,Really nice... Theater like feeling,Home Theathre,35
29049,5,This is the best home theater under 2099 Just order now,Home Theathre,55
29050,5,Very nice sound and op base 👍🏻🥰😵,Home Theathre,32
29051,4,So nice product,Home Theathre,15
29052,5,Average sound quality,Home Theathre,21
29053,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
29054,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
29055,4,If u weast your money buy this product,Home Theathre,38
29056,5,Happy with the product,Home Theathre,22
29057,5,"This item is better for now, but after use it will be known how long it will last.",Home Theathre,82
29058,5,Over all value for money.. The onky thing Base and volume funtion key are together.we have to control base volume together,Home Theathre,122
29059,5,"It's really awesome. It's mind blowing, superb, fantastic. Everything related to it just awesome. I'm really very happy to buy it 😊😊😊",Home Theathre,133
29060,5,Excellent product..nice sound n bass quality.. Value for money,Home Theathre,62
29061,3,Nice product 😊,Home Theathre,14
29062,5,"Average sound quality, smooth bass, overall average.",Home Theathre,52
29063,4,Nice bass and treble. Value for money Just go for a try guys...,Home Theathre,63
29064,1,"The sound quality is strong and very clear. You will not see any change even after turning the sound high. and also just fine (8.3out of 10) .  Overall, this speaker will not let you disappoint",Home Theathre,193
29065,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29066,5,outstanding,Home Theathre,11
29067,5,Good One Worth Price,Home Theathre,20
29068,5,Nyc products,Home Theathre,12
29069,5,Woofer jock pins not working,Home Theathre,28
29070,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29071,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29072,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29073,5,Product is very good to use for home,Home Theathre,36
29074,5,Super good quality ❤️🎉🔥enjoy music in home,Home Theathre,42
29075,5,Awesome product 👌 😎 with great sound quality and bass,Home Theathre,53
29076,5,Good one for this Price,Home Theathre,23
29077,5,Best sound quality,Home Theathre,18
29078,1,Sound clarity very good. I go this rs.2000/-only,Home Theathre,48
29079,5,Very good product. Value for money,Home Theathre,34
29080,4,Fast delivery by flipkart tq,Home Theathre,28
29081,5,Nice products,Home Theathre,13
29082,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29083,5,This product sound quality is very good and bass so nice I am satisfied with this product,Home Theathre,89
29084,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29085,5,Superb product,Home Theathre,14
29086,4,Sound quality is excellent. Using it for six months Same we qualify output Best buy,Home Theathre,83
29087,5,"It's awesome, and sound experience is so good and everything is fine buy this product so cool this is amazing boss and sound quality 🖤",Home Theathre,134
29088,5,Best speaker best bass best sound soft sound I like it,Home Theathre,54
29089,5,Powerful 😘bass saund super nice Prdocat,Home Theathre,39
29090,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29091,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29092,5,Wonderful product iam so happy 😊😊😊😊,Home Theathre,35
29093,5,Very nice product in budget 👌👌,Home Theathre,30
29094,3,Best home theatre In this price range,Home Theathre,37
29095,5,Supper,Home Theathre,6
29096,5,Good product for small money.. fantastic. Am ful happy.. this is my small dream listening music is my hobby..👌🥰,Home Theathre,111
29097,5,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
29098,5,Bass button not there but 2100 is best for that range,Home Theathre,53
29099,3,Great product at this range....extremely satisfied 🥰🥰🥰...,Home Theathre,57
29100,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29101,5,Worth of money,Home Theathre,14
29102,5,All good,Home Theathre,8
29103,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29104,5,Nice Product,Home Theathre,12
29105,5,Superb mind blowing blindly u can buy this,Home Theathre,42
29106,5,I AM FULLY SATISFIED,Home Theathre,20
29107,5,This is good product nice one,Home Theathre,29
29108,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29109,4,Good product must buy,Home Theathre,21
29110,5,This is worth for money,Home Theathre,23
29111,5,nyc..,Home Theathre,5
29112,5,"Fabulous Amazing Home theater system sound quality , connectivity, price superb guys never miss 😊👍",Home Theathre,98
29113,5,Best Price of Range,Home Theathre,19
29114,5,That's gud,Home Theathre,10
29115,5,Great 👍,Home Theathre,7
29116,4,Net good,Home Theathre,8
29117,5,Nice sound.,Home Theathre,11
29118,4,Best qualities,Home Theathre,14
29119,4,"According to price, best deal.",Home Theathre,30
29120,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29121,5,Thank you,Home Theathre,9
29122,4,Nice sound quality and basss,Home Theathre,28
29123,5,"Sound quality is very good, sound is very loud Look very attractive worth of Money",Home Theathre,82
29124,5,asm sounds,Home Theathre,10
29125,5,Very great deal.,Home Theathre,16
29126,5,Love you flipkart,Home Theathre,17
29127,4,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
29128,4,Product is good but I don't know almost every one got colored box but I got normal cardboard box material sometimes I think it's second copy or returned product is delivered to me🤔,Home Theathre,180
29129,4,Worth speaker value for money and sound and bass super 💖💖💖,Home Theathre,58
29130,5,Nyz product. Value for money,Home Theathre,28
29131,4,Nice product am so happy,Home Theathre,24
29132,4,Very nice product ...Nice quality,Home Theathre,33
29133,4,Super nice 🥰🥰😘😘😘😘😘😘😛🥰🥰🥰😍,Home Theathre,24
29134,4,As per price segment this box is ok But this is not for High Bass lovers Sound is good and clear .,Home Theathre,98
29135,5,Nice product and value for money,Home Theathre,32
29136,5,Product is faulty. could’nt start.,Home Theathre,34
29137,3,Good in the budget for a living room Satisfied with price range & quality Got this at price 2099,Home Theathre,96
29138,5,@raj This product is very shine..,Home Theathre,33
29139,5,Superb sound and nice bass....thanks flipkart,Home Theathre,45
29140,4,Awasome thank you so much flipcart for best home theatre nice product,Home Theathre,69
29141,5,Good but treble High,Home Theathre,20
29142,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29143,4,Superb,Home Theathre,6
29144,5,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
29145,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29146,4,Nice one ..,Home Theathre,11
29147,5,Just say ows home theatre just love it,Home Theathre,38
29148,5,Excellent product and reasonable price,Home Theathre,38
29149,5,Not satisfied,Home Theathre,13
29150,5,only 2 samll speakers coming this tv,Home Theathre,36
29151,5,For this price it's good,Home Theathre,24
29152,5,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
29153,4,NYC,Home Theathre,3
29154,5,Sound quality+ bass is good enough with this price range little satisfaction with sound quality..,Home Theathre,97
29155,4,I love this home theater my first home theater i am very happy this order sound quality awesame power full bass thankyou flipkart,Home Theathre,129
29156,4,Osm product Value for money,Home Theathre,27
29157,5,Power is not onn,Home Theathre,16
29158,3,Product is Good but too dealy for delivery,Home Theathre,42
29159,5,"Quality is good and bass is perfect, sound also clear .low budjet beast",Home Theathre,71
29160,4,Just perfect....,Home Theathre,16
29161,4,Good product According to price range.,Home Theathre,38
29162,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29163,3,Super product sound quality very nice good clarity,Home Theathre,50
29164,4,Good bass and good sound quality it's a nice product and tq flipkart,Home Theathre,68
29165,4,Average,Home Theathre,7
29166,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
29167,5,Nice product 😊,Home Theathre,14
29168,5,Nice products good Bass Low price me i like it filpkart thanks,Home Theathre,62
29169,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29170,4,Good sound,Home Theathre,10
29171,5,The sound was good . it's enough for it money,Home Theathre,45
29172,5,Best ever home theater in this price range...sound is fantastic... Bass is also vgud.... Value of money....it cost me 1900 after discount.... Worth every penny.... Go for it...,Home Theathre,176
29173,4,This is very value for money product. Sound quality is pretty good. Bass is also superb. Design and build quality is also better.,Home Theathre,129
29174,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
29175,5,Item so pretty but bluetooth lag for this device,Home Theathre,48
29176,5,Good vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv good,Home Theathre,26
29177,5,"If you are finding home theatre under 3 thousands , then this is the best in list ,,,",Home Theathre,85
29178,4,Enjoy with home theater,Home Theathre,23
29179,5,Very good sound and bess😍 most buy,Home Theathre,34
29180,5,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
29181,5,Average speakers but bass is not very loud .,Home Theathre,44
29182,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29183,4,Guli product in this price range.. 😎❤,Home Theathre,37
29184,3,Product was good and design was awesome..,Home Theathre,41
29185,5,Amazing. Product. Like. It. Sound. Are. Very. Best. Or. Bass. Prefectly. Love. It. 😍😍😍,Home Theathre,86
29186,5,Best at 2k just go for it Bass is okayish Loudness is great Quality is good,Home Theathre,75
29187,5,Best value for money,Home Theathre,20
29188,4,"A decent product, best in class, value for money. Thanks to flipkart for on time delivery & good discount on the product.. Overall happy with the deal..",Home Theathre,152
29189,4,Awesome....i just love it,Home Theathre,25
29190,1,Bad 👎 bass,Home Theathre,10
29191,5,Sound quality Best,Home Theathre,18
29192,4,Sound quality is excellent...,Home Theathre,29
29193,4,It's nyc,Home Theathre,8
29194,5,Very nice sound quality,Home Theathre,23
29195,5,"Really good, I am very satisfied for this product",Home Theathre,49
29196,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29197,5,"Sound is nice and Bluetooth connectivity is also great. The only downside is that there are no bass , treble control buttons. You can only increase or decrease the volume but can't adjust bass or treble.",Home Theathre,203
29198,5,This prodect is good,Home Theathre,20
29199,4,Best all Faist oder is damag but second oder is too good.,Home Theathre,57
29200,5,God,Home Theathre,3
29201,4,Som aux compatibility issues with tv otherwise awesome 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥,Home Theathre,61
29202,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29203,5,Supper product Nice sound quality Sandra Bess,Home Theathre,45
29204,5,Good sound quality at a reasonable price connecting speaker wires seems not very wide but keeping all speakers together itself produces good bass and sound quality,Home Theathre,163
29205,5,good bass,Home Theathre,9
29206,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
29207,5,Nice one.. good bass... Go for it... Far better then F&D AND BOAT ..,Home Theathre,68
29208,5,Nice product from zebronics...love it..,Home Theathre,39
29209,5,Value for money..,Home Theathre,17
29210,5,Good sound quality,Home Theathre,18
29211,5,Nice Prodect....,Home Theathre,16
29212,5,Average,Home Theathre,7
29213,5,Product is just awesome value for money,Home Theathre,39
29214,5,Beat quiltiy,Home Theathre,12
29215,5,Good product sound very high quality product,Home Theathre,44
29216,5,The home theater is really amazing 👍 and sound is very loud and clear and the Bass is just wow 🤩and it's build quality is also best in the price range 🤩 highly recommended 😄,Home Theathre,173
29217,3,Not soo good as expected im not satisfied,Home Theathre,41
29218,4,Sound is good ☺️,Home Theathre,16
29219,4,Wow big billion price...just oswm,Home Theathre,33
29220,5,"Sound quality is good for small room, shops",Home Theathre,43
29221,3,Good sound quality ⚡️,Home Theathre,21
29222,5,Very Good Product,Home Theathre,17
29223,5,Nice sound and beautiful product,Home Theathre,32
29224,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29225,5,Awesome product,Home Theathre,15
29226,1,It was very good speakers with this segment cost,Home Theathre,48
29227,4,I'm much happy,Home Theathre,14
29228,4,BEST IN THE MARKET,Home Theathre,18
29229,5,it's awesome,Home Theathre,12
29230,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29231,5,Very cool prodect i like it very much it bas is mass,Home Theathre,52
29232,5,amazing product thank you Flipkart,Home Theathre,34
29233,4,The good,Home Theathre,8
29234,5,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29235,5,Value for money 1999,Home Theathre,20
29236,5,Owsome....mindblowing sound,Home Theathre,27
29237,5,"In this price range this zebronics speakers are very good Bass, build quality and sound is best Thank you so much to flipkart who send this product very fast Jai hind.",Home Theathre,167
29238,5,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
29239,5,Simply super,Home Theathre,12
29240,5,Bass is not ok,Home Theathre,14
29241,5,avrg but flipkart price to high,Home Theathre,31
29242,3,Semma Protect Value for Money 💰. Great.....👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌,Home Theathre,61
29243,5,USB SUPORT PROBLEM,Home Theathre,18
29244,5,Average but bass is no good I am not satisfied,Home Theathre,46
29245,4,This product is very good....,Home Theathre,29
29246,5,Thanks you,Home Theathre,10
29247,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29248,5,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29249,1,Hebby and no 1 product super,Home Theathre,28
29250,3,I ha very power full bass in low price and sound is so cool I like this product thaks flipkart,Home Theathre,94
29251,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29252,1,Awwsm product☺️☺️☺️,Home Theathre,19
29253,3,Good Quality 🙂😊,Home Theathre,15
29254,4,Nice But Bass Quality Not Good,Home Theathre,30
29255,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29256,5,Remote control is not working,Home Theathre,29
29257,4,Its very good product love IT,Home Theathre,29
29258,5,So so soooo beautiful...thank youuu,Home Theathre,35
29259,5,Super ❤️,Home Theathre,8
29260,5,Great Lovely sound,Home Theathre,18
29261,5,verry good,Home Theathre,10
29262,4,Best products,Home Theathre,13
29263,3,With in two months its not working 😴,Home Theathre,36
29264,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29265,3,Super,Home Theathre,5
29266,5,👌 superb,Home Theathre,8
29267,5,Power full sound,Home Theathre,16
29268,5,Nice 👍,Home Theathre,6
29269,5,Very nice Product,Home Theathre,17
29270,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29271,5,It's Awesome,Home Theathre,12
29272,2,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29273,5,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29274,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29275,5,Very deeply bass,Home Theathre,16
29276,5,Good quality product,Home Theathre,20
29277,5,Not as expected telling after 1 years of use..,Home Theathre,46
29278,5,Good love this,Home Theathre,14
29279,4,Damage,Home Theathre,6
29280,5,Sound quality osm....... U can purchase this .... Bass is super,Home Theathre,63
29281,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29282,5,Overall good,Home Theathre,12
29283,5,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
29284,5,Nice product for this range,Home Theathre,27
29285,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29286,2,NICE,Home Theathre,4
29287,4,Fantastic product,Home Theathre,17
29288,1,Awsome sound... Super bass,Home Theathre,26
29289,5,I like most,Home Theathre,11
29290,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29291,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29292,4,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
29293,5,Very very bad product,Home Theathre,21
29294,3,One of the waste matterial of sound system low bass and waste of money ! Don't but for sound !,Home Theathre,94
29295,5,Packaging was very bad otherwise product was pretty good,Home Theathre,56
29296,5,Sound is not good,Home Theathre,17
29297,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29298,5,"Not bad... it's good,i am happy thank you Flipkart",Home Theathre,50
29299,4,Nice product in this price If you want to buy home theater under 3500This is the best,Home Theathre,85
29300,5,Excellent sparks,Home Theathre,16
29301,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29302,1,Nice product.. Super b.. TQ flipkart,Home Theathre,36
29303,1,Awesome product 👌,Home Theathre,17
29304,4,Delivery boy is best work good delivery boy,Home Theathre,43
29305,3,Nice one... Go for it,Home Theathre,21
29306,5,Very worth this low rate,Home Theathre,24
29307,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29308,5,Osm,Home Theathre,3
29309,5,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
29310,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
29311,5,What a product 🤐 Fabulous..........,Home Theathre,35
29312,5,Amazing😍,Home Theathre,8
29313,5,Best product at this price,Home Theathre,26
29314,5,I don't like its base,Home Theathre,21
29315,5,Its a good product in price,Home Theathre,27
29316,3,Savund very bad,Home Theathre,15
29317,5,Superb product... good bass with clear sound..... value for money.. fully satisfied... delivery is really fast,Home Theathre,110
29318,4,Very good 👌👌👌,Home Theathre,13
29319,5,Awesome product,Home Theathre,15
29320,5,It's a good quality product under 3000,Home Theathre,38
29321,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29322,5,All Good but connectivity very poor,Home Theathre,35
29323,1,Good interns of value,Home Theathre,21
29324,5,Nice bobal,Home Theathre,10
29325,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29326,5,good,Home Theathre,4
29327,5,"One of the best product, just loved it, value for money...",Home Theathre,58
29328,5,Below average Sound...Remote is not working properly....Bass is too low.... satellite speakers will vibrate on high volume....not recommended,Home Theathre,141
29329,4,Awesome. Sound & bass good for a medium room ❤️ I am happy 😊,Home Theathre,60
29330,5,Super Bass super sound,Home Theathre,22
29331,3,Nice bass and suprb sound quality value for money this product,Home Theathre,62
29332,5,"After 3 months remote stops working, and buttons in home theater also not working properly",Home Theathre,90
29333,5,It's good product and sound quality also better love it,Home Theathre,55
29334,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29335,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
29336,5,Very good 🥰,Home Theathre,11
29337,1,the voice is so good,Home Theathre,20
29338,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29339,5,Very very very very nice home theatre,Home Theathre,37
29340,4,"Good product & also sound quality is sufficient ,fast delivery",Home Theathre,62
29341,1,Good product & sound Quality superb,Home Theathre,35
29342,3,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29343,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29344,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29345,5,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
29346,5,Awesome Home Theater system ❤️❤️,Home Theathre,32
29347,4,Osm,Home Theathre,3
29348,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29349,5,Supper prodect💥💥,Home Theathre,16
29350,5,Superb nice product money worthy,Home Theathre,32
29351,5,Nice in budget,Home Theathre,14
29352,5,The product is not good. Sound quality is poor. Bass is very poor. Don't go for it.,Home Theathre,83
29353,4,Amazing product,Home Theathre,15
29354,5,Nice products... Best deal,Home Theathre,26
29355,5,"Not working main woofer within one year.. waste of money just 2 days back warranty expires, due to school holidays I am not used more than 3 months. Dead in packed box only.",Home Theathre,173
29356,5,Mm super,Home Theathre,8
29357,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29358,5,Amezing,Home Theathre,7
29359,4,Buy it....you will enjoy the sound👍👍👍,Home Theathre,37
29360,4,Really super,Home Theathre,12
29361,2,past 2 weeks I am using this Bluetooth home theatre was good in bass and sound quality worth for every penny one thing is the remote is not working from first day overall good to have for home,Home Theathre,192
29362,5,nice product 👍😊 in this price,Home Theathre,29
29363,5,Superb Quality products Provided by Flipkart,Home Theathre,44
29364,1,Worst experience from flipkart,Home Theathre,30
29365,5,Not good,Home Theathre,8
29366,5,Osm,Home Theathre,3
29367,5,Good product ? satisfied,Home Theathre,24
29368,5,Very nice 🔊sound... Good product in this price,Home Theathre,46
29369,5,Super products thanks 👍 flipcard,Home Theathre,32
29370,4,Very good product. Don't worry. I Will say to go with this if you want to buy a product under 3000 rs.,Home Theathre,102
29371,5,A good choice under 3k.,Home Theathre,23
29372,5,Nice product I m hpy saund quality is very good👍 I like. So thnks flipkart.,Home Theathre,75
29373,1,Super,Home Theathre,5
29374,2,Outstanding quality…. Sounds pertty cleare Zero noice,Home Theathre,53
29375,5,Verry nic I am so happy 😊😊 thanks flipkard,Home Theathre,42
29376,5,every thing is good but base sound is not better,Home Theathre,48
29377,4,Very good product ☺️,Home Theathre,20
29378,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29379,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29380,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29381,4,Improve the sound quality and build quality other wise superrrr,Home Theathre,63
29382,5,Exlent,Home Theathre,6
29383,5,"Peace. Writing the review after the usage of a month. The sound quality is very good, excellent Bass. using it daily by connecting to my mobile via Bluetooth. Watching youtube videos with this home theatre is a very good experience. Not a single problem faced till now. Fully satisfied with the purchase.",Home Theathre,304
29384,5,I don't know about this product with battery,Home Theathre,44
29385,5,it's good product,Home Theathre,17
29386,5,Important in build quality other wise Velu for money,Home Theathre,52
29387,4,"Sound Quality is Best in this Price. Connectivity is Stable and fast. Can see Pause/Play, Modes in the Digital screen. battery is not Included with Remote (have to purchase separately then use). purchased and using since almost one week the bass is So overwhelming Bass control should be there. Otherwise No Other products in this price range can Touch this Quality.",Home Theathre,366
29388,5,Goood product,Home Theathre,13
29389,5,Since it a replacement... But it's good,Home Theathre,39
29390,4,Vare nice sound and Bass vare nice,Home Theathre,34
29391,4,Product is not ok. Bass is poor,Home Theathre,31
29392,5,It's ok means size is small but sound base is very nice,Home Theathre,55
29393,4,Bluetooth rang long 20 meter,Home Theathre,28
29394,5,Good 😢but low sounds,Home Theathre,20
29395,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29396,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29397,3,Ok,Home Theathre,2
29398,4,Ok. sound is good simply super,Home Theathre,30
29399,5,Woofer sound can't adjust it's default. Fm not catching signal properly. After connected Bluetooth can't adjust sounds effect.,Home Theathre,126
29400,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
29401,3,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29402,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29403,4,"Sound quality & bass is too good👍   But the loundness is little bit a low👎   Bty, value for money product",Home Theathre,105
29404,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29405,5,Bad performance,Home Theathre,15
29406,4,Almost 1 years has passed and still it's very very good,Home Theathre,55
29407,5,Good produced and sound OK condition. I am very happy .good produced ..,Home Theathre,71
29408,3,It's Awsm,Home Theathre,9
29409,4,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
29410,5,Good sound quality,Home Theathre,18
29411,4,Not ok,Home Theathre,6
29412,5,Low bess quality,Home Theathre,16
29413,4,"Average, it's needs more bass and volume and especially the woofer capacity ......... not 100% , only 70% what I feel.....",Home Theathre,122
29414,2,Nice Prodacker this price ossowm❤️❤️,Home Theathre,36
29415,4,Awsome,Home Theathre,6
29416,5,Good One,Home Theathre,8
29417,5,Awsome product,Home Theathre,14
29418,4,Okay okay product,Home Theathre,17
29419,3,"Superb quality home theatre at this price point, only missing customisable Bass & Treble controller.",Home Theathre,100
29420,2,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29421,2,Sound quality is awesome but bass are automatic so u can feel sometime like a normal speaker 😒,Home Theathre,94
29422,3,"U also buy it, It's good product",Home Theathre,32
29423,4,Sound bass is not expected Buil quality is just ok Price good,Home Theathre,61
29424,5,Nice definitely you should buy .,Home Theathre,32
29425,5,Nice product at this prize,Home Theathre,26
29426,4,Sound quality is a super,Home Theathre,24
29427,3,Its nice But it produce a bad music when it not connected to Bluetooth,Home Theathre,70
29428,4,Superb,Home Theathre,6
29429,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29430,4,Not worth,Home Theathre,9
29431,4,Nice products..and thanks for flipkart?,Home Theathre,39
29432,3,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29433,5,I love this Home theater,Home Theathre,24
29434,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
29435,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29436,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29437,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29438,5,Best for rate,Home Theathre,13
29439,2,Good,Home Theathre,4
29440,5,Awesome product really worth for money.....👍👍,Home Theathre,45
29441,4,Malfunction,Home Theathre,11
29442,5,Excellent product! No doubt it is more than worth the money.  I was confused which one to buy in this price range. But my choice was great! It's exceptional.  Pros: 1. Excellent sound quality 2. Pure Bass 3. All the speaker works like a charm ( clear output) 4. No connectivity issues. Bluetooth works like a magic  Cons: Equaliser not working even though we have that option on remote. But that doesn't matter if u have one in PC or TV  Overall great product at this price range! Go for it!,Home Theathre,491
29443,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29444,4,all over worth it but remote is not working well.,Home Theathre,49
29445,5,Aideo qaltey verey bad (non bese control),Home Theathre,41
29446,3,Fast delivery product under testing,Home Theathre,35
29447,5,Looks wise very nice.. good sound quality..,Home Theathre,43
29448,4,It was a valuable products,Home Theathre,26
29449,5,In this rate the item is better .perfect sound in 10×10 size rooms,Home Theathre,66
29450,1,Good Product and price,Home Theathre,22
29451,5,Oseam zebronics sound good fentestik,Home Theathre,36
29452,5,Good quality of this price,Home Theathre,26
29453,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29454,1,Best product and value of money,Home Theathre,31
29455,3,NICE HOME THEATRE,Home Theathre,17
29456,4,So nice,Home Theathre,7
29457,5,Nice 🎉,Home Theathre,6
29458,4,"Nice product ,sound quality is good, value for money❤️ #must_buy🔥",Home Theathre,65
29459,4,Bass very low,Home Theathre,13
29460,5,Bass is average,Home Theathre,15
29461,4,Best option in low budget,Home Theathre,25
29462,5,best product,Home Theathre,12
29463,4,Remote damaged,Home Theathre,14
29464,5,Wow,Home Theathre,3
29465,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29466,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29467,5,Best for 12*12 room,Home Theathre,19
29468,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29469,3,The worst home theater boss in any home theater is No Sound Quality Ice Very Bad,Home Theathre,80
29470,5,"Clear sound, super bass, beautiful design,RGB light, no bass control but also thank you for zebronics company and flipkart.",Home Theathre,123
29471,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29472,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
29473,5,Avarage sound,Home Theathre,13
29474,5,"I am happy, Bass & sound excellent, good quality product.",Home Theathre,57
29475,5,V good product,Home Theathre,14
29476,5,Sound quality & bass awesome this price range,Home Theathre,45
29477,4,Good product But bluetooth reng very low,Home Theathre,40
29478,1,Best product 👍👍,Home Theathre,15
29479,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
29480,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29481,4,After Using for 3 days  Build-4/5 Sound Clearity-4/5 Bass-4/5 Volume-5/5 Connectivity-5/5  Additional RGB lighting Makes it More cool.,Home Theathre,134
29482,3,Sound quality high.bass quality good.looking beautiful 👍...,Home Theathre,59
29483,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29484,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29485,4,"💯,%value for money Thankx for flipkart fast delivery and safety",Home Theathre,63
29486,4,"Bass was good , unlimite sound quality...",Home Theathre,41
29487,4,Verry nice good product bhai,Home Theathre,28
29488,5,Nice product 👌,Home Theathre,14
29489,4,Good product. Speaker quality good.,Home Theathre,35
29490,4,Ok 👌,Home Theathre,4
29491,5,Good Products,Home Theathre,13
29492,5,Overall good sound in this price range..,Home Theathre,40
29493,4,nice,Home Theathre,4
29494,5,60 watts out not coming speakers design not good suddenly put our speaker side the speaker paper damage,Home Theathre,103
29495,4,Bass volume mains point,Home Theathre,23
29496,5,The base is very good at this proce point its butter on bread,Home Theathre,61
29497,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29498,4,Sounds good,Home Theathre,11
29499,4,Super Bass quality...,Home Theathre,21
29500,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29501,4,Having some noisy sound while playing the songs & physical buttons not operating,Home Theathre,80
29502,5,very good product as compare to others with price also.,Home Theathre,55
29503,1,"Nice product quality and its sound is so cool, osm product, savage of money, very cool product I am getting from flipkart thank you flipkart 🥰",Home Theathre,142
29504,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
29505,5,Nyc product..... Plastic body reduce the quality of bass is the only drawback of the product.. But in this price itz ok,Home Theathre,119
29506,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29507,4,Perfect for home,Home Theathre,16
29508,4,I bought this product at 2499rs worth but still usb port not working and it causes power cut in subwoofer,Home Theathre,105
29509,4,Nice sounds quality.. nice product,Home Theathre,34
29510,1,Super,Home Theathre,5
29511,5,Super awesome this zebronics speaker 😘😘nambi vangalam always Vera level,Home Theathre,71
29512,5,Very good product must buy,Home Theathre,26
29513,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
29514,3,Super bass,Home Theathre,10
29515,5,𝙶𝙾𝙾𝙳 products,Home Theathre,13
29516,4,Good product..,Home Theathre,14
29517,5,"Excellent sound clearity and sound quality, bus bass level only very low. Build quality also very good",Home Theathre,102
29518,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29519,5,Osman sounds quality,Home Theathre,20
29520,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29521,5,It's sound clarity is perfect .and the bass also good .the build quality is superb .it has a powerfull sound .and the RGB lighting is very nice ..... Overall a best powerfull speakers at this price range .value for money⚡,Home Theathre,221
29522,4,Nice product in 2500 rupees. Thanks flipkart...,Home Theathre,47
29523,5,Good... With low price.. 😇,Home Theathre,26
29524,4,Very beat quality,Home Theathre,17
29525,5,OSM product,Home Theathre,11
29526,4,Gd,Home Theathre,2
29527,5,Best bass and nice quality best range of 2499,Home Theathre,45
29528,4,"No sound,no bass don't buy",Home Theathre,26
29529,4,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
29530,5,Good product....,Home Theathre,16
29531,5,Too good to hear,Home Theathre,16
29532,4,"Superb nice paisavasul ,product me damhe",Home Theathre,40
29533,1,Awesome with this price,Home Theathre,23
29534,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29535,3,Super,Home Theathre,5
29536,5,Excellent product by ZEBRONICS....😘😘😘I LOVE THIS PRODECT❤️❤️......THANKS FOR PRODUCT TO FLIPKART & ZEBRONICS 🤙🤙,Home Theathre,111
29537,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29538,2,Good,Home Theathre,4
29539,5,Sound quality budget is good,Home Theathre,28
29540,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
29541,5,Worst product. Poor sound. Plz dont buy this. Flipkart does not encourage returns on this product as well. I would give zero star.,Home Theathre,130
29542,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29543,5,Im happy,Home Theathre,8
29544,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29545,5,"Uppfer small damaged, Only blutooth connect,not connect (SD)",Home Theathre,60
29546,4,Nyc product🥰🥰,Home Theathre,13
29547,5,Nice sound and design .Value for money . Thanks flipkart I take this product 1999rs,Home Theathre,83
29548,3,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
29549,3,good,Home Theathre,4
29550,1,nice,Home Theathre,4
29551,5,Excellent Nice itme thanks flipkart 4 days delivery,Home Theathre,51
29552,5,Just ok product,Home Theathre,15
29553,4,Goood products,Home Theathre,14
29554,3,"Nice product 😍😍, sound quality very good ❤️❤️",Home Theathre,45
29555,5,It's very good product.I am satisfy with this,Home Theathre,45
29556,5,Bass pitch is low pa increase bass sound zebronics . Remaining total 5/5,Home Theathre,72
29557,5,Awesome 👍🏻,Home Theathre,10
29558,5,Owsam,Home Theathre,5
29559,5,Really a good sound or bass,Home Theathre,27
29560,5,Very unique piece very good product Best one🤞🤞🤞,Home Theathre,47
29561,2,Saund supar good veri nais,Home Theathre,26
29562,4,Good product and average sounds,Home Theathre,31
29563,5,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
29564,5,"Osm product , Good sound quality 😊.",Home Theathre,35
29565,5,Best one I got.,Home Theathre,15
29566,5,So beautiful,Home Theathre,12
29567,5,I am happy. So nice,Home Theathre,19
29568,5,Bass are so good and sound also good product thank you Flipkart,Home Theathre,63
29569,5,Good quality product & value for money tq Flipkart,Home Theathre,50
29570,5,This product is supab and sound quality is too good and alsa Bass is very nice,Home Theathre,78
29571,4,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29572,5,Good product but sound and bass not better so I give 3 star,Home Theathre,59
29573,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29574,5,Product is good but..there is no bass control..if you want to reduce or increase the bass there no any button even in remote..bass is automatically adjusted by volume...,Home Theathre,169
29575,5,Good but small,Home Theathre,14
29576,5,Very bad,Home Theathre,8
29577,5,Don't buy...,Home Theathre,12
29578,5,Best sound quality fast delivery,Home Theathre,32
29579,5,Vest of money,Home Theathre,13
29580,4,Much better than expected...one of the best Home theater in this range..if ur budget is in this range than u should definitely buy it....u won't regret...,Home Theathre,154
29581,3,Suppar 👌👌👌 sound effect Nice,Home Theathre,28
29582,5,Very good speaker it is valuable for money.,Home Theathre,43
29583,4,Nice product and sound quality is not good,Home Theathre,42
29584,3,very good sound quality 🔥🔥,Home Theathre,26
29585,1,Good product 👌,Home Theathre,14
29586,2,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29587,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29588,2,Good sound and bass,Home Theathre,19
29589,5,Goods sounds,Home Theathre,12
29590,4,Bass is wirrest don't buy it,Home Theathre,28
29591,1,Nice home theater system by zebronic in this budget. Sound quality is good with a perfect combination of bass. Thank you Flipkart n zebronic to avail home theater in this budget.,Home Theathre,178
29592,5,Owms sound quality,Home Theathre,18
29593,4,Thanks,Home Theathre,6
29594,5,Awesome and amazing product,Home Theathre,27
29595,4,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
29596,5,Awesome bass and sound quality..,Home Theathre,32
29597,5,"For this price, amazing product",Home Theathre,31
29598,5,Some problem in speaker,Home Theathre,23
29599,2,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29600,4,Best product.,Home Theathre,13
29601,5,"Best home theatre for this range,sound quality is too good and bass is too good",Home Theathre,79
29602,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29603,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29604,5,Nice product 😊👌,Home Theathre,15
29605,5,Volu far money.....,Home Theathre,19
29606,4,Totaly satisfied... Osm product ❤️,Home Theathre,34
29607,1,Good product 2500 me.,Home Theathre,21
29608,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29609,5,Nice products 😍😍😍,Home Theathre,17
29610,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29611,4,very good quality,Home Theathre,17
29612,5,Superb quality,Home Theathre,14
29613,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29614,5,Sooperb product,Home Theathre,15
29615,5,Excellent,Home Theathre,9
29616,4,Nice product but bass volume is not available,Home Theathre,45
29617,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29618,5,"I was not expecting this much from this , but this fantastic , Don't think it's a paid review , cause I too thought like that , while reading reviews about this thing , Worthy purchase I've done with this price",Home Theathre,210
29619,5,Sound quality its awesome.,Home Theathre,26
29620,5,like ck im happy with your product and srry for late review,Home Theathre,59
29621,5,Nice Home theatre Thanks Flipkart,Home Theathre,33
29622,2,"Sounds is good, build quality also good and delivery in just 1days.",Home Theathre,67
29623,5,"Box( packet) was slightly damaged & one speaker has something in it,,I can here the noises while shaking ,, but no sound issues",Home Theathre,127
29624,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29625,4,Nice😊👏,Home Theathre,6
29626,5,Great sounds,Home Theathre,12
29627,5,Excellent product. Awesome build and sound quality. value for money. Go for it. Thank you zebronics & flipkart.,Home Theathre,111
29628,5,Superb,Home Theathre,6
29629,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29630,4,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
29631,3,Average in budget,Home Theathre,17
29632,1,"Nice sound, very good bass I like It",Home Theathre,36
29633,5,Super bass and nice quality 👍,Home Theathre,29
29634,4,Best,Home Theathre,4
29635,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29636,5,Its perfect product for a room of 15×15 It's bass quality is amazing Valume and Dolby sound really feeling me that i am watching movies in cinema..,Home Theathre,147
29637,5,This item Damage product,Home Theathre,24
29638,5,Awesome sound quality 😍,Home Theathre,23
29639,5,Not good,Home Theathre,8
29640,4,I am so happy it's product is insiminetion,Home Theathre,42
29641,5,Waist of money,Home Theathre,14
29642,5,Super sound quality,Home Theathre,19
29643,5,Best product,Home Theathre,12
29644,4,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29645,5,Its very good for big place,Home Theathre,27
29646,1,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29647,5,Love it....,Home Theathre,11
29648,3,Everything is good but Bluetooth range is very poor.,Home Theathre,52
29649,5,Built quality is excellent and sound and bass is also good.,Home Theathre,59
29650,2,Bass is not that much what basically we expect need to be More bass sound that will be much better than the current one,Home Theathre,119
29651,4,Ok. But bass control not atach in the speakers,Home Theathre,46
29652,5,I'm Satisfied,Home Theathre,13
29653,5,Bad product send,Home Theathre,16
29654,5,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
29655,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29656,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
29657,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29658,5,Awesome !,Home Theathre,9
29659,3,Good product thankyou Flipkart I'm Happy,Home Theathre,40
29660,3,Worth for money 😊👍,Home Theathre,18
29661,5,"Nice product, nice sound quality 👌👍 I love this product",Home Theathre,55
29662,1,Amazing product 🙂,Home Theathre,17
29663,5,I am happy,Home Theathre,10
29664,5,Super very super,Home Theathre,16
29665,4,"It's very bad after over return period, this is automatically got damaged, this not working only beeping on every time..... Wasted money..,........ hate it...........pls don't buy ......total waste of money 🤑",Home Theathre,208
29666,5,Good sounds,Home Theathre,11
29667,5,Nice and very good,Home Theathre,18
29668,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29669,5,Very much poor quality.. Don't purchase this product.... Waste for money,Home Theathre,72
29670,5,Best in best must buy (Kom Tele moch mocha)*,Home Theathre,44
29671,5,Very good product.i like it.very good sound effects,Home Theathre,51
29672,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29673,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29674,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29675,5,Sound and noise clear output.,Home Theathre,29
29676,5,Bass quality was soo poor,Home Theathre,25
29677,4,Remote is not working properly,Home Theathre,30
29678,1,Good product 👍,Home Theathre,14
29679,5,Please give a knob for bass and treble adjustment.otherwise product is awesome,Home Theathre,78
29680,5,Best 4.1 home theater to buy I recommend to buy without doubt,Home Theathre,61
29681,4,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
29682,5,Sounds quality is good but bass is not good,Home Theathre,43
29683,4,Nice.... Sound quality is good bass is perfect .. 😇😇😇,Home Theathre,53
29684,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29685,3,"I love it, this speaker is too gud and value for money. But After one week the connectivity of this becomes week after one week of purchase. Btw I'm happy with this one. 😄😄👍",Home Theathre,173
29686,3,Nice product thanks flipkart and Zebronics,Home Theathre,42
29687,4,Delivery partner delivered in the proper time. sound quality better in the price... Overall good quality....love this one.bass midium,Home Theathre,133
29688,4,Not worth not well base sound was very loud but not with base,Home Theathre,61
29689,5,Very bad prodact,Home Theathre,16
29690,5,"Awesome home theatre , with extra bass ❤️❤️",Home Theathre,43
29691,4,Fantastic and fabulous in this price..,Home Theathre,38
29692,4,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
29693,4,Waste of money don't buy worst proudest . Non bass 000,Home Theathre,54
29694,4,Ok,Home Theathre,2
29695,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29696,5,Awesome product,Home Theathre,15
29697,3,Amazing Product & Value of money,Home Theathre,32
29698,1,Awesome 😎👍,Home Theathre,10
29699,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29700,5,Good product and superfast delivery tanks flipkart,Home Theathre,50
29701,4,It's an amazing products for this budget.. Really happy..,Home Theathre,57
29702,2,Nice 👌,Home Theathre,6
29703,4,Not for bass,Home Theathre,12
29704,3,Super sound I'm Happy,Home Theathre,21
29705,5,price is high,Home Theathre,13
29706,5,Sound quality and very nice Very good product,Home Theathre,45
29707,4,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
29708,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29709,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29710,5,Good sound,Home Theathre,10
29711,5,good product bass voice is excellent,Home Theathre,36
29712,3,"Super product, sound Quality is awesome, value for money 👍",Home Theathre,58
29713,4,It's worst of money,Home Theathre,19
29714,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29715,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29716,5,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29717,4,Super product very nice,Home Theathre,23
29718,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29719,4,Excellent performance.... Great bass... Great looks.... Affordable price.... Sound quality awesome.... Quick delivery by Flipkart.... Bluetooth connectivity also no issues...,Home Theathre,174
29720,4,Without any problems go for it . It works too well...,Home Theathre,53
29721,5,AWESOME 😎,Home Theathre,9
29722,1,Value for money Other All It's Nice 🤗,Home Theathre,37
29723,5,This home theatre is good but the RGB light is very low.,Home Theathre,56
29724,4,product was awesome but should improve in BASS,Home Theathre,46
29725,5,Nice one sound quality is superb,Home Theathre,32
29726,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29727,4,Good product Good sound efact,Home Theathre,29
29728,5,Everyone should buy this product,Home Theathre,32
29729,5,Value for money...,Home Theathre,18
29730,5,Nice quality i am very happy with it❤️❤️❤️❤️,Home Theathre,44
29731,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29732,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29733,5,Good product I'm satisfied,Home Theathre,26
29734,5,Nice product and good quality,Home Theathre,29
29735,4,Sound is very good.. awesome product.. nice design.. overall best at this price..,Home Theathre,81
29736,4,Nice sound and bass super super,Home Theathre,31
29737,5,Excellent super quality osm sound in this price segment it's just osm good Bluetooth connectivity is also good go for it worth it i have bought it only for 2299 in big billion day sale,Home Theathre,184
29738,5,Excellent...,Home Theathre,12
29739,4,Nicee,Home Theathre,5
29740,4,This prodact is very good for that price. The sound and bass quality is verry decent.,Home Theathre,85
29741,5,very very Small Product,Home Theathre,23
29742,4,Super bass,Home Theathre,10
29743,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29744,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29745,5,Nicely,Home Theathre,6
29746,5,Not bad.. Value for money..,Home Theathre,27
29747,5,Good product thanks,Home Theathre,19
29748,5,Avarage,Home Theathre,7
29749,5,Good product?,Home Theathre,13
29750,4,Thank you flipkart,Home Theathre,18
29751,5,No bass,Home Theathre,7
29752,5,Super surrounded sounds,Home Theathre,23
29753,5,Very nice and good products.,Home Theathre,28
29754,4,Burbali. I like,Home Theathre,15
29755,3,2 speaker ???? ??,Home Theathre,17
29756,5,Awesome product,Home Theathre,15
29757,4,Loud and Clear with good Bass❤️❤️❤️.... No in-built Equalizer but remote has a button that doesn't work...but Sound is too good.... A value for money product... Nice built quality with R B G light... Wire length is very short..,Home Theathre,227
29758,5,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
29759,5,Realy good...,Home Theathre,13
29760,3,Good quality sound,Home Theathre,18
29761,5,Not bad ....u can purchase guys,Home Theathre,31
29762,5,Wow,Home Theathre,3
29763,4,"Good sound quality, I like it",Home Theathre,29
29764,3,It's sound quality & basss is just awesome.The best product I got in range.Go for it.Must buy it. I liked the product and it's sound system 👌🏻👌🏻,Home Theathre,144
29765,5,Best in this price range. Must Buy.,Home Theathre,35
29766,5,Very good quality value for money I like it,Home Theathre,43
29767,4,Zebronics home treatre it's very convenient for my Haier tv and sound quality hears to be good and excellent modified design with fm connectivity...,Home Theathre,148
29768,4,Good Product at the price level,Home Theathre,31
29769,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
29770,4,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
29771,5,It's good for 2500 not good for 3000,Home Theathre,36
29772,5,This price range it is very good,Home Theathre,32
29773,5,Superb❤️,Home Theathre,8
29774,5,Great product over all just the Bass is low,Home Theathre,43
29775,5,worest product don't buy,Home Theathre,24
29776,5,It's really awesome according to its prize,Home Theathre,42
29777,5,Really good product,Home Theathre,19
29778,4,So good,Home Theathre,7
29779,4,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
29780,3,Worth for money,Home Theathre,15
29781,5,Good product but LED TV not support,Home Theathre,35
29782,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29783,5,NICE PRODUCT,Home Theathre,12
29784,1,"First impressions : The sound is okay for the price, nice bass. Good for small/medium sized rooms. The diaphragms are exposed, so there is a chance of getting them damaged if handled carelessly. Try to put them far from the reach of kids  Bluetooth connection is easy, fast and reliable. It comes with an AUX to RCA cable, so if you dont want to use bluetooth you can use it.",Home Theathre,375
29785,5,sound wise its ok product.. 4 speaker produce very less sound.. bass is ok (not much).  It can be good for small room but definitely not for hall. I didn't feel thrilling while watching movie on tv with this sound.  The only thing which impressed is bluethooth connectivity.,Home Theathre,274
29786,5,Really really Satisfied.. I wasn't expectingthis superb sound quality in this price range.. But to my pleasure wht a heart touching and satisfying Sound Quality and Base.. Honestly I m in love with it❤️❤️.. If u r looking for best quality loud sound at this price.. Don't think Just go for this one..,Home Theathre,300
29787,5,Nice quality 👌. Sounds really good and bass is also good 👍. Must go for it 👍😀 1. The bass is 4.5/5 2. The sound quality 5/5 3. Connectivity 5/5 4. Remote control is awesome 👌,Home Theathre,174
29788,4,"It seems I like the product ,in this price it's totally worth it,but when it's come to the bass😕.....u can understand from this ..but finally product is nice as it have 1 year warranty and all other fuction like bt,aux,and all that....I have used it and suggest in this range of price it's awesome",Home Theathre,297
29789,4,In this price the home theater is excellent Good sound Good bass Good bt range Good build quality Clear sound  Thankyou flipcart for this device,Home Theathre,144
29790,5,Beautiful Speakers Bass is Good Sound is Good Small Size Great Price Must Buy For Small Size Area Room,Home Theathre,102
29791,3,"Wow man.....It is giving a tough competition to JBL speakers,it's sound is just awesome and the pure bass feels like you are in a disco.",Home Theathre,136
29792,5,"After a week usage i am writing this review, Pros, Sound quality is good 4 mini speaker is awesome Bass is nice and enough for a big house Length of mini speaker's wire is good. Bluetooth connectivity is just in seconds.  Cons The bass box is completely exposed so should placed and handled carefully else possibility of damage is high The mini speaker's are also like open type so easily gets dust and cleaning will be very cautious.  Only this cons, i never tried FM bcoz other than FM i have ...",Home Theathre,498
29793,4,Awesome product awesome bass awesome design overall awesome product in that price range I will give that 5 star out of 5,Home Theathre,120
29794,3,Sound clarity is best. Bass is not much heavy because it's small but good. Best at this price range 💪 compact and nice,Home Theathre,118
29795,5,"An excellent sound. Thanks zebronics for making a quality speakers. There is one beautiful limiter of volume for n9t get distorted. I use for my music studio, and its giving excellent clear sound. And good balanced with satellite speakers.",Home Theathre,239
29796,4,Fast delivery thank you flipkart the product is valuable best product in this value,Home Theathre,83
29797,3,The bass is good of the speaker.  It is good for your hall in your room .. good quality speaker for one big room. You will get clear sound with all the little details.  This is Indian company but the speaker is of Made in China. This is the only thing I didn't liked .  Rest all is good.,Home Theathre,287
29798,5,"It's amazing, I love it, Amazing Bass Amazing Sound best em best👍🏻🔥",Home Theathre,67
29799,4,"Very fast delivery by ekart ,The delivery man 's behavior is good and the packaging by Flipkart is awesome and good product at this price range.",Home Theathre,144
29800,5,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
29801,5,good weight less,Home Theathre,16
29802,5,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
29803,4,good,Home Theathre,4
29804,5,Product is good in this price look can be more good...,Home Theathre,54
29805,3,It is awesome and cheap and best,Home Theathre,32
29806,5,"Thank you Flipcart ,,Awesome Product",Home Theathre,36
29807,5,nice sound and nice bass,Home Theathre,24
29808,5,nice speaker for nice base nice look,Home Theathre,36
29809,4,sound quality good,Home Theathre,18
29810,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29811,5,Speechless 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻,Home Theathre,21
29812,5,It's Good,Home Theathre,9
29813,4,nice,Home Theathre,4
29814,5,Nice sond & nice bass,Home Theathre,21
29815,5,sound quality is good,Home Theathre,21
29816,5,good price and quality....,Home Theathre,26
29817,5,very good sound good money value,Home Theathre,32
29818,5,This is GOOD PRODUCT,Home Theathre,20
29819,4,Very nice speaker home theatre nice sound nice bass😍😍👌👌👌,Home Theathre,56
29820,5,good for money,Home Theathre,14
29821,4,Recommended for laptop users and Fit in budget,Home Theathre,46
29822,5,value of money,Home Theathre,14
29823,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
29824,4,Good look. nice volum and nice bess,Home Theathre,35
29825,4,low sound don't buy west money not return this products,Home Theathre,55
29826,5,it's not chargeable,Home Theathre,19
29827,4,very good theater,Home Theathre,17
29828,5,Best ever product I ordered ek number and love this product,Home Theathre,59
29829,5,sound not loud very less bass,Home Theathre,29
29830,5,"I don't understand why people are giving it low review in this range this is the best thing I have ever seen,if you not giving more money please don't give bad review,this is best at this cost😌",Home Theathre,193
29831,3,Fabulous,Home Theathre,8
29832,5,"Do not expect much quality as it goes with the price tag.  Heres the details:  PROS:  1. Low price tag 2. Satellites are well distributed in between mid and high 3. not much distortion 4. Smaller size make it comfortable for smaller room 5. Ground punch of bass feels harder   CONS:  1. VERY LOW output 2. Not much depth in Bass or you can say nearly no depth 3. higher power makes distortion 4. AUX input is not at all up to the mark. 5. Bluetooth is not much bad  6. ITS A STEREO system , don't ...",Home Theathre,500
29833,4,Very powerfull bass and very nice sound,Home Theathre,39
29834,1,not working properly,Home Theathre,20
29835,5,Remote control not working properly,Home Theathre,35
29836,5,Good nice,Home Theathre,9
29837,5,Really..niz product.. sounds and base very nice,Home Theathre,47
29838,2,Don't believe in fake reviews Sound quality is excellent if u want it for a small room Build quality would be better Bass is good,Home Theathre,129
29839,5,very nice...sound quality will be very low...it couls have more better.....,Home Theathre,75
29840,5,Price range sond owsame,Home Theathre,23
29841,2,Worst product..... Stop working in just 3 months.... Dont buy this product,Home Theathre,74
29842,5,item super thank you Flipkart delivery boy very very waste ekat,Home Theathre,63
29843,1,Great product,Home Theathre,13
29844,1,best speaker ever,Home Theathre,17
29845,5,bass is not available after 1 month . bad product,Home Theathre,49
29846,5,Very gud structure.. Good sound quality. Little bit low bass. Ok.. Gud product.,Home Theathre,79
29847,5,good looking and sound and base is very good,Home Theathre,44
29848,3,"Bass and sound bas very nice quality of sound ans bass it hard It can fail JBL ,BOaT and i love this product from Three reasons 1 it bluetoth Is connect automacily 2 I test the sound from Jbl it fail the Jbl sound 3 It made In India Product",Home Theathre,240
29849,4,It's a great product,Home Theathre,20
29850,1,Just awesome,Home Theathre,12
29851,5,Average Sound ......,Home Theathre,20
29852,4,zebronics home theatre good bass also good sound quality very good packing good,Home Theathre,79
29853,5,super 👌👌👌,Home Theathre,9
29854,1,nice but small,Home Theathre,14
29855,1,good,Home Theathre,4
29856,4,Nice bass and sound,Home Theathre,19
29857,5,mast sound,Home Theathre,10
29858,3,very osm product...,Home Theathre,19
29859,4,"Awesome product.Excellent sound & bass.For low budget,this home theatre is the best.",Home Theathre,84
29860,3,"sound was not High, For movies this speaker is ok, mp3 music experience was bad...",Home Theathre,82
29861,5,Love this product,Home Theathre,17
29862,5,Nice & heavy bass performance...,Home Theathre,32
29863,4,Bad product don't wast money,Home Theathre,28
29864,4,Replace it it was a very bed threads,Home Theathre,36
29865,4,Don't buy this product. Its has bass problems. Bass doesn't work. Worst product.,Home Theathre,80
29866,5,good sound,Home Theathre,10
29867,5,Nice product as budget thanks flipkart,Home Theathre,38
29868,5,100% Good product Bass 5/5 Sound quality 5/5 Overall product is good in this price range. Best in the market. Go for it👍,Home Theathre,120
29869,1,It's nice value of money,Home Theathre,24
29870,5,Ok for budget,Home Theathre,13
29871,5,Awesome product in lowest price best for someone gift,Home Theathre,53
29872,2,Review after 1 month of usage Bass is not.that.good and sound becomes low after 1-2 weeks,Home Theathre,89
29873,1,Just OK good choice amount worth,Home Theathre,32
29874,1,Super sound satisfied,Home Theathre,21
29875,4,I love basss terafic purchased😍😍😎😎,Home Theathre,34
29876,5,Very bad bass,Home Theathre,13
29877,5,"Got this product under 1900,i think this is best in this price Bass is super Bluetooth Connectivity is fine Sound is quite normal Overall superb",Home Theathre,144
29878,4,Nice sound quality ....bass quality.... ....................v_a_l_u_e_for money,Home Theathre,79
29879,4,It's very nice but sound quality is low.....,Home Theathre,44
29880,4,very good product from flipkart like it so much,Home Theathre,47
29881,2,bad bass,Home Theathre,8
29882,5,NICE PRODUCT,Home Theathre,12
29883,5,"very good product nice sound 👌👌👌. Must buy this product, on this prise amazing product and sound quality.❤️",Home Theathre,107
29884,5,Just superb,Home Theathre,11
29885,1,"With in one month of purchase,sound bass is damaged totally....sometimes bass is not working..",Home Theathre,94
29886,4,nice,Home Theathre,4
29887,5,gud and nycc sound,Home Theathre,18
29888,5,Subwoofer is damaged it's not good already used product,Home Theathre,55
29889,5,Really worthy for the amount... Bass too good.. fulfill my expectation..Good product👌👌,Home Theathre,86
29890,1,Item is good in low price. Bass is not so good . But ok for small room. 4 stars for the item.,Home Theathre,93
29891,5,Go for it bhailog great purchase in 1899 Very nice looking and compact,Home Theathre,70
29892,4,Moblile connection between the home theater is very poor. In first delivery device was very poor sound but replacement device is good,Home Theathre,133
29893,5,sound quality bad,Home Theathre,17
29894,1,So good. Sound 4/5 Bass 4/5,Home Theathre,27
29895,5,very product and nice bass nice voice,Home Theathre,37
29896,5,excellent produced,Home Theathre,18
29897,1,"No bass, averaged sound quality, totally waste of money 👎👎👎👎",Home Theathre,60
29898,4,woofer is not for high sound.....i opened full voice and after woofer is not working...,Home Theathre,87
29899,5,Best value for money..!!!,Home Theathre,25
29900,5,soo..good product,Home Theathre,17
29901,3,Very nice song,Home Theathre,14
29902,1,"Not playing by input through pendrive and aux, after 10th day not getting ON, contacted flipkart customer service they gave 2 zebronic customer care no but the number was switched off and another was always saying all routes to this number were busy.. very worst experience, now trying to get repaired through local guys .  Bad product. Don't waste money in buying this invaluable product..",Home Theathre,390
29903,4,Gud one,Home Theathre,7
29904,4,Sounds not god,Home Theathre,14
29905,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
29906,2,Bass excellent,Home Theathre,14
29907,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
29908,5,Quality good,Home Theathre,12
29909,4,"Two speaker not work ,no sounds",Home Theathre,31
29910,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29911,1,Sound quality very poor,Home Theathre,23
29912,4,Amazing product must buy it bass is awesome 🥶,Home Theathre,45
29913,1,Reealy super varre varre low amount but sounds is super I am varre happy,Home Theathre,72
29914,5,Good Product but Packaging are not good,Home Theathre,39
29915,5,West home theatre,Home Theathre,17
29916,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
29917,5,Good sound,Home Theathre,10
29918,1,Sound is good velue for money,Home Theathre,29
29919,5,Amazing hometheater 🙏👍,Home Theathre,22
29920,1,Best Quality,Home Theathre,12
29921,5,Good product in low rate,Home Theathre,24
29922,5,It's normal sounds TV connection sound must waste this,Home Theathre,54
29923,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
29924,1,Product is good at this price range .... I got this product 1450/- on big billion days ... I think zebronics should give a trouble switch ....,Home Theathre,142
29925,5,Nice Audio nice Bass,Home Theathre,20
29926,4,not 60 watt sound low equal ordinery radio only but price discount for some satisfication,Home Theathre,89
29927,4,All is 👌 1-Brilliant sound😘 2-Best Design🤩🤩 3-Sound and Bass Better 😍 4-Price of money is Good 🤗 East and west Flippy is the Best❤️💓💝💔,Home Theathre,134
29928,5,"Best for Budget Thank you filipcart for it,,,,,",Home Theathre,47
29929,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
29930,5,Nice sound 100 of 100 bass is good in this rate,Home Theathre,47
29931,3,6 month after woofer not working.but good response service.led display available better.,Home Theathre,88
29932,5,Good product . For a comfortable one room,Home Theathre,41
29933,4,It's ok but if we give full base mean its automatically off and on repeatedly every 10 mints... If we give equal base mean ok 👌good...,Home Theathre,134
29934,4,Awesome product i have seen value for money thank q flipkart,Home Theathre,60
29935,3,Nyc product in this prize Bass is good but sound is average,Home Theathre,59
29936,5,"Really a worthy product, good bass and sound...👌",Home Theathre,48
29937,5,"Bass is less than expected , otherwise sound quality is decent according to value of money ☺️",Home Theathre,93
29938,5,I have some base related issue on this bluetooth home theatre.base are very poor quality.,Home Theathre,89
29939,5,Best product,Home Theathre,12
29940,5,Good in 2050 rs. Range,Home Theathre,22
29941,5,Nice product 👌 value for money...,Home Theathre,33
29942,4,Good sound on this price range . Don't expect sony bass level in this rate . Ok buds😎,Home Theathre,85
29943,5,Good but not as expected 😙😙,Home Theathre,27
29944,4,Nice sound ..really liked it,Home Theathre,28
29945,4,Standard product nice sound good for this price,Home Theathre,47
29946,4,Get repair three times for two days very worst product and marketing,Home Theathre,68
29947,1,overall good.....do not expect heavy bass...,Home Theathre,44
29948,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29949,4,very good,Home Theathre,9
29950,4,not good product,Home Theathre,16
29951,4,ok,Home Theathre,2
29952,3,good,Home Theathre,4
29953,5,It is too good.. I have got a defective piece firstly but then using flipkart return policy i got the new one in less time period.. Thnks flipkart..,Home Theathre,148
29954,4,VERY NICE PRODUCT BEST FOR PRICE,Home Theathre,32
29955,1,All is well.but 2200 price range is high.,Home Theathre,41
29956,4,awesome sound quality ... thanks flipcart India,Home Theathre,47
29957,4,neiz bass,Home Theathre,9
29958,5,not good very poor quality and paking was damaged and not return policy waste of money totally,Home Theathre,94
29959,2,Nice product sound quality is good,Home Theathre,34
29960,3,value for money,Home Theathre,15
29961,4,sound qualities very good in this price...,Home Theathre,42
29962,5,osm,Home Theathre,3
29963,5,Overall Nice Home theater system..Sounds good bass good ..,Home Theathre,58
29964,4,please improve fast delivery services,Home Theathre,37
29965,5,Fm is not good design is not good,Home Theathre,33
29966,5,the worst product.Loss of money,Home Theathre,31
29967,1,nice bass and volume,Home Theathre,20
29968,5,sound & bass quality excellent,Home Theathre,30
29969,4,good,Home Theathre,4
29970,4,sounds quality not too much high. . baas is also low.. but at low price it best,Home Theathre,79
29971,5,GOOD PRODUCT,Home Theathre,12
29972,5,Good one,Home Theathre,8
29973,5,"don't buy,,, bad quality",Home Theathre,24
29974,1,Veryy good product,Home Theathre,18
29975,1,Nice home theater.but price is a little more.sound quality osm.,Home Theathre,63
29976,5,GOOD products 😋😍😘,Home Theathre,17
29977,5,Awesome product. 60W output sound is very loud. Nice bass. Value for money. Batteries for the remote is not given in the box.,Home Theathre,125
29978,5,sound quality clear,Home Theathre,19
29979,4,product small size,Home Theathre,18
29980,5,Bed quality,Home Theathre,11
29981,5,Very Reasonable product with superbb Sound Quality i loved it,Home Theathre,61
29982,1,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
29983,1,"The only thing which disappoints is the absence of LED display due to which you face trouble while browsing FM radio. Otherwise, nice sound, nice bass, good clarity. If you expect more thrill, then there is limited scope. Good for household use.",Home Theathre,245
29984,5,Nice product value for money Good build quality,Home Theathre,47
29985,1,"Excellent product,soundal and bass quality is very good for this at last thank you Flipkart.",Home Theathre,92
29986,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
29987,4,Average  bass is super,Home Theathre,22
29988,1,The zebronics feel 60 product best value for money.,Home Theathre,51
29989,1,good sounds and effective,Home Theathre,25
29990,5,bad,Home Theathre,3
29991,5,woofer not working. don't buy.,Home Theathre,30
29992,5,AUX MOOD SOUNDS GOOD BUT BT MOOD AND USB MOOD SOUNDS EXCELLENT.....  IN RS 2200 THIS IS BEST PRODUCT,Home Theathre,100
29993,4,good,Home Theathre,4
29994,5,sound is awesome😘😘😘😘,Home Theathre,20
29995,4,"best bass , overall good",Home Theathre,24
29996,4,less cost more fun thank u flipcart.,Home Theathre,36
29997,5,Sound and Bass quality is very terrific.,Home Theathre,40
29998,4,Nice products bt Bess is not good...bess is very low,Home Theathre,52
29999,1,slow sound,Home Theathre,10
30000,1,speaker not working properly,Home Theathre,28
30001,5,Nice product 👍👍👍,Home Theathre,16
30002,5,Amezing,Home Theathre,7
30003,4,Worth for money,Home Theathre,15
30004,5,Best sound quality and good design 😊,Home Theathre,36
30005,5,Bad product,Home Theathre,11
30006,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30007,4,1 week working next week not working don't by this one,Home Theathre,54
30008,1,Very good product bass is so nice,Home Theathre,33
30009,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30010,5,Sound is less..,Home Theathre,15
30011,4,Good sound for this range,Home Theathre,25
30012,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
30013,5,Only short time work it was 1.5 year Not good life this product Do other company freferd to me not good service 🙂,Home Theathre,113
30014,1,Good product. But sound is medium. Not high But good,Home Theathre,52
30015,5,Nice product very very very good bass Price is I am certify,Home Theathre,59
30016,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30017,5,This product power input problem ....,Home Theathre,37
30018,3,Bad quality,Home Theathre,11
30019,2,Bad,Home Theathre,3
30020,3,"Fine,It is useful only 1 Hall",Home Theathre,29
30021,3,Worst product.... Money wast,Home Theathre,28
30022,1,superb,Home Theathre,6
30023,5,Very very very very very nice product...u all should purchase this I got this just for 1999 in offer..... very happy...😍🥳,Home Theathre,121
30024,5,Excellent and quality,Home Theathre,21
30025,5,Speaker not working,Home Theathre,19
30026,2,Good quality low budget Home theater....,Home Theathre,40
30027,3,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30028,1,It's just ok type,Home Theathre,17
30029,4,Good in budget...,Home Theathre,17
30030,1,Very bad product sound is not clear,Home Theathre,35
30031,5,Product damaged,Home Theathre,15
30032,5,Good very nice 👍 prodekt,Home Theathre,24
30033,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30034,1,Love this sound quality,Home Theathre,23
30035,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30036,5,Good product and good quality,Home Theathre,29
30037,2,Poore product,Home Theathre,13
30038,5,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
30039,1,Value of money this speaker is good for small room not big hall,Home Theathre,63
30040,1,worst Product,Home Theathre,13
30041,5,good,Home Theathre,4
30042,5,Worst experience,Home Theathre,16
30043,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30044,5,According to Price product is good,Home Theathre,34
30045,5,Waste of money and time,Home Theathre,23
30046,1,Nice home theater in low budget ☺️😊,Home Theathre,35
30047,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30048,3,Dont Buy this product Very poor quality and service of zebronic. Only 15 days life.,Home Theathre,83
30049,1,Worst product....no bass effect for this price..even Bluetooth speaker gives good effects,Home Theathre,89
30050,4,Product is good,Home Theathre,15
30051,1,Best product at this price .....,Home Theathre,32
30052,4,Worst of this product just working in 6 days onle repair cost is 1500 so don't buy this product thuu thuu,Home Theathre,105
30053,4,Cheap and best,Home Theathre,14
30054,2,Bass not good,Home Theathre,13
30055,5,Very bad system. Not working properly after 10 days. So you don't purchase..... Also you are not able to return after 10 days so your money will blocked...,Home Theathre,155
30056,4,Gôód sounding,Home Theathre,13
30057,1,This product very wost,Home Theathre,22
30058,1,It's ok bass is low volume it's ok ok not laord,Home Theathre,47
30059,5,Remote and cables are messing,Home Theathre,29
30060,4,Very bad product and bad service experience,Home Theathre,43
30061,1,Sound volume low,Home Theathre,16
30062,4,This is product very good good condition sound and Base nice,Home Theathre,60
30063,3,Good sound this price 😍😘😍,Home Theathre,25
30064,1,Good quality nice structure.... Good sound asowme...,Home Theathre,52
30065,4,No comment,Home Theathre,10
30066,1,sound quality very bad,Home Theathre,22
30067,3,Ved ghatiya abaj best for many,Home Theathre,30
30068,1,No good quality as per spend the money,Home Theathre,38
30069,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30070,3,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30071,5,"Worst quality don't purchase the product , 1 week working good but next day Totaly not working .",Home Theathre,96
30072,4,Nice performance and good quality,Home Theathre,33
30073,5,Ok ok product in this price range.,Home Theathre,34
30074,1,Worsted,Home Theathre,7
30075,1,Nice product worthy purchase for a money spent.,Home Theathre,47
30076,1,Really the bass like monster in this price I love it value for money 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🥰🥰🥰,Home Theathre,83
30077,2,"Very very bad item with offer price, connectivity problem after few day of warranty period. I Cannot return or replace with it, so my money was total waste for the item. I can't expect with this things.",Home Theathre,202
30078,3,Worsted products lost mony,Home Theathre,26
30079,3,"Sound quality is really good. And the base is totally acceptable for the price range. Overall, it's a great speaker considering the price point.",Home Theathre,144
30080,1,Worest product and service.. within one week not working.,Home Theathre,57
30081,4,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
30082,3,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
30083,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30084,4,I had purchased this but it takes to much time to start and not connected to Bluetooth also i am very disappointed i feel its a waste of money 😡😡😡 I was buy that coz i am a fan of flipkart and its service and also for zebronics speakers,Home Theathre,236
30085,4,Bad sound quality,Home Theathre,17
30086,1,Nyc sound off home thiyetar,Home Theathre,27
30087,1,"mind blowing purchase of Rs. 2000 . awesome bass, bluetooth and design. Thrilling bass for a room . anybody who wants to purchase an economic home theatre for personal use can blindly go for it. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍",Home Theathre,203
30088,5,Is working only 14 days after this is not working,Home Theathre,49
30089,1,As a worst product,Home Theathre,18
30090,5,Sound is not more,Home Theathre,17
30091,3,Sound quality is very poor,Home Theathre,26
30092,3,Wast product,Home Theathre,12
30093,1,Nice home theatre,Home Theathre,17
30094,2,Bad experience in six month using review,Home Theathre,40
30095,5,Bluetooth connectivity is too good. Bass is average. It is better for small room not for big hall. Overall average product.,Home Theathre,123
30096,5,"Firstly received a damaged piece, but they replaced after 1week delay. Bass is okay, good enough for a small room",Home Theathre,113
30097,3,Supre,Home Theathre,5
30098,1,Product is very good,Home Theathre,20
30099,3,Not good,Home Theathre,8
30100,1,Wonderful,Home Theathre,9
30101,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30102,5,Bad Product It is Just only Use and through...When it get repaired no one can repair it...... Waste of money,Home Theathre,108
30103,2,It's ok,Home Theathre,7
30104,4,Good product 👍👍 I'm happy ☺️,Home Theathre,28
30105,3,Okay this range of price,Home Theathre,24
30106,5,Poor,Home Theathre,4
30107,5,I love this product by flipkart. This home theatre is very good in performance and sound quality.,Home Theathre,97
30108,1,Good product very impressed,Home Theathre,27
30109,5,Sound top 💯😅super,Home Theathre,17
30110,4,Good product 👍,Home Theathre,14
30111,1,Don't like product,Home Theathre,18
30112,5,This is a very good product at this price range but the delivery takes very long time,Home Theathre,85
30113,5,worst product stopped working within one week after I bought i lost my money by buying this product waste of money and time,Home Theathre,123
30114,4,Sound is not clear bass also not good,Home Theathre,37
30115,1,I bought that with in two days the board was gone Don't buy this.,Home Theathre,65
30116,5,Very Good product,Home Theathre,17
30117,3,This product is very good,Home Theathre,25
30118,5,Best buy,Home Theathre,8
30119,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30120,2,Superb...,Home Theathre,9
30121,4,Amazing sounds....it value for Money...🙂🙂🙂🙂,Home Theathre,43
30122,1,Volume slow,Home Theathre,11
30123,1,Thanks,Home Theathre,6
30124,1,Good looking supar product,Home Theathre,26
30125,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30126,5,Excellent product,Home Theathre,17
30127,5,In this price range best quality,Home Theathre,32
30128,4,The product is average,Home Theathre,22
30129,5,nice product,Home Theathre,12
30130,5,Super product,Home Theathre,13
30131,2,Worthy product..... Giving Best quality sound,Home Theathre,45
30132,5,Not working fake speaker,Home Theathre,24
30133,5,Volume is very low.,Home Theathre,19
30134,3,Very waste don't buy it,Home Theathre,23
30135,5,Super sound quality Worth for money,Home Theathre,35
30136,5,"Our Morning starts with zebronics, Nice one, Thanks flipkart",Home Theathre,60
30137,2,Very very poor product nd flipkart service also very poor,Home Theathre,57
30138,5,All ok good quality and nice luck but bass that rate voice ok,Home Theathre,61
30139,5,Worst Ever Home Theater. Don't buy it. Very Bad sound quality.,Home Theathre,62
30140,5,Sound quality not good,Home Theathre,22
30141,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30142,2,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30143,2,Average product for this price,Home Theathre,30
30144,5,Poor quality.. Not upto the expectations.. Sound is very low.. Connectivity is very poot,Home Theathre,88
30145,4,After 15days it's not working feeling very sad,Home Theathre,46
30146,1,Good quality Super DJ sounds Nice paking,Home Theathre,40
30147,3,Worst pratact two days before I'm fult,Home Theathre,38
30148,1,Super super,Home Theathre,11
30149,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30150,5,Sound is very low,Home Theathre,17
30151,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30152,3,Very Nice Product,Home Theathre,17
30153,1,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30154,1,Better,Home Theathre,6
30155,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
30156,2,"Useless product. 8th day product not getting on, can't return.",Home Theathre,62
30157,5,Awesome 👍👍👍,Home Theathre,11
30158,4,Super sounds quality.. Bass is also good...,Home Theathre,43
30159,2,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30160,5,Worth of work,Home Theathre,13
30161,4,I bought this product during big billion days sale.. And today it stopped working ... Not even a month it worked.. No return period not sure what to do.. Cheap and worst product...,Home Theathre,180
30162,4,Very poor quality,Home Theathre,17
30163,5,It's good,Home Theathre,9
30164,5,Nice 👍,Home Theathre,6
30165,1,Best,Home Theathre,4
30166,5,This product is very bad product. Zebronic is very bad product . This product is damege whithen 7 days . Very poor product. Please dont bay this .,Home Theathre,146
30167,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30168,3,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
30169,5,Not good,Home Theathre,8
30170,1,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30171,1,"Stopped working after 10 days and cannot return, no service center nearby. Waste of money.",Home Theathre,90
30172,4,Sound quality was very poor and low   And after 1 year its was not working.,Home Theathre,75
30173,5,Nice product.,Home Theathre,13
30174,5,In This Price category this is good product...,Home Theathre,46
30175,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30176,5,Worst Product......Not working,Home Theathre,30
30177,5,Product size and quality performance is very good in chip price.,Home Theathre,64
30178,1,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
30179,5,Good at all,Home Theathre,11
30180,1,Osm,Home Theathre,3
30181,2,Good product....low price,Home Theathre,25
30182,4,Bass is great but speacker power is very low over all average becoz it has low volume it is only for small room,Home Theathre,111
30183,5,In my system USB pendrive is not working,Home Theathre,40
30184,5,Very bad sound,Home Theathre,14
30185,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30186,5,Love it sound is very very good thank you flipkart,Home Theathre,50
30187,5,Good product Best in this price.,Home Theathre,32
30188,4,Good product I love it...,Home Theathre,25
30189,4,😍 Nice Good Product 🤗,Home Theathre,21
30190,5,The product is good,Home Theathre,19
30191,3,osm ❤️😘,Home Theathre,7
30192,3,Low sound,Home Theathre,9
30193,2,Amazing 🎶 nice bass and sound coulity,Home Theathre,37
30194,5,No working Wast of my money,Home Theathre,27
30195,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30196,5,Third-class product😡😡😡,Home Theathre,22
30197,5,Thank you for tha product flipkard,Home Theathre,34
30198,5,Osm,Home Theathre,3
30199,5,Was a good product and the bass was at best,Home Theathre,43
30200,5,Very worst product,Home Theathre,18
30201,2,Good sound 😎😁,Home Theathre,13
30202,5,Vast product,Home Theathre,12
30203,1,Nice product for small home,Home Theathre,27
30204,4,since one year I like this product.It is a good quality product.The USB is not functioning.,Home Theathre,91
30205,1,1 week Lo not working,Home Theathre,21
30206,5,Overall all good product,Home Theathre,24
30207,4,Sound is not good.,Home Theathre,18
30208,4,Nyc sound and bass in this price Keep go for it,Home Theathre,47
30209,1,Very nice..,Home Theathre,11
30210,5,Thats price is best,Home Theathre,19
30211,1,After 1 week it's dead,Home Theathre,22
30212,4,"Very nice product in this price , bass is ok, quality is very nice",Home Theathre,66
30213,4,Nice to hear this,Home Theathre,17
30214,1,Bad & West product,Home Theathre,18
30215,5,Good for this price.,Home Theathre,20
30216,2,Nice quality and sond,Home Theathre,21
30217,5,Average,Home Theathre,7
30218,5,Sound low quality,Home Theathre,17
30219,4,Nice.... love it,Home Theathre,16
30220,1,Very pure sound quickly. Do not by it,Home Theathre,37
30221,3,Not so Bad...,Home Theathre,13
30222,5,Awsome sound kidz loved it,Home Theathre,26
30223,1,Good Product,Home Theathre,12
30224,5,Nicely,Home Theathre,6
30225,5,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
30226,3,Superb product . Having excellent bass and best in this price range,Home Theathre,67
30227,1,Good 👌👌👌👌👌,Home Theathre,10
30228,5,Awesome but low db,Home Theathre,18
30229,2,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30230,4,Stopped working..within one month,Home Theathre,33
30231,5,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
30232,5,Flipkart best quality zebronics home theatre best sound quality,Home Theathre,63
30233,5,Sound quality is not good,Home Theathre,25
30234,4,Sound is very low,Home Theathre,17
30235,5,Nice product for value of money,Home Theathre,31
30236,3,Worste product suddenly stopped working,Home Theathre,39
30237,5,Nice Product 😊👍,Home Theathre,15
30238,4,Nice sound quality and good product 👍👍,Home Theathre,38
30239,1,Item not value for the money,Home Theathre,28
30240,5,awesome,Home Theathre,7
30241,5,"Best product @ just 1500(bought at BBD) A must buy product, nice bass and overall performance is excellent 👍👍👍👍👍",Home Theathre,112
30242,2,A bad product dont buy no very low quality no service centre bad service,Home Theathre,72
30243,1,After 1 month it got stopped,Home Theathre,28
30244,4,better product,Home Theathre,14
30245,1,Volume is not large but quality is best better small hall. I am thankful for qualityl to zebronics and special thanks to flipkart for price,Home Theathre,139
30246,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
30247,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30248,2,Remote is not working,Home Theathre,21
30249,5,Worth for money... Sound quality good... FM RADIO was not working.. That means not recive good frequency... It's suitable for 10*10 Or 10*15 room only... Without display is not convenient for us... But overall review is suit for Batchelor boys room😎,Home Theathre,249
30250,5,Sound quality is very poor,Home Theathre,26
30251,1,For a closed room.. it does the job...Go for it,Home Theathre,47
30252,1,Nice product of this price.....,Home Theathre,31
30253,3,good,Home Theathre,4
30254,4,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30255,4,Better at this price,Home Theathre,20
30256,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30257,1,Very fine,Home Theathre,9
30258,4,Extremely good product best product in midrange iam very satisfied,Home Theathre,66
30259,1,Good in this price,Home Theathre,18
30260,5,3rd day my home thetter in service center not work🤬😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡,Home Theathre,60
30261,5,Sound quality and sound clearty is very nice Nice product,Home Theathre,57
30262,5,Good product in this price,Home Theathre,26
30263,5,Very poor sound quality,Home Theathre,23
30264,4,Very nice product. Thanks,Home Theathre,25
30265,4,One of the best,Home Theathre,15
30266,5,Awosome device but sound is little low but awosome,Home Theathre,50
30267,5,Good product🙏,Home Theathre,13
30268,5,Its wast of money it's not working,Home Theathre,34
30269,1,Super sounds and JBL sem,Home Theathre,24
30270,5,The bass is superb and the sound was excellent for medium size room and the product rate is cheap and best,Home Theathre,106
30271,5,Not satisfied for this product sound quality. Waste for money.dont buy😡,Home Theathre,71
30272,1,Best value for money,Home Theathre,20
30273,5,Nice product 👌👍,Home Theathre,15
30274,5,10 dayes not working,Home Theathre,20
30275,4,"Stoped working in just 1 hr, worst product",Home Theathre,42
30276,5,Good Sound...value for Money...,Home Theathre,31
30277,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30278,5,as per price voice and bass is good but there is one issue sound is breaking like cable tv connection i complained to flipkart but seller is not replacing .,Home Theathre,156
30279,5,Rocking sound and Bass.,Home Theathre,23
30280,1,It is not a bloothoot speaker,Home Theathre,29
30281,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30282,5,Ok good,Home Theathre,7
30283,1,I am very happy,Home Theathre,15
30284,1,"Really Really very nice product in this price, Bass, sound everything is fatafati for a small room",Home Theathre,98
30285,4,Sound quality down,Home Theathre,18
30286,3,good,Home Theathre,4
30287,3,Products good,Home Theathre,13
30288,5,Superb...,Home Theathre,9
30289,1,Poor Sound Quality Bass is very low,Home Theathre,35
30290,3,Ok ok type.,Home Theathre,11
30291,5,It has wall mount.... Nice 😊 liked it... Value of money,Home Theathre,55
30292,3,I will exited for this sound and bass,Home Theathre,37
30293,5,Don't buy this product 🥵🥵🥵🥵,Home Theathre,27
30294,2,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30295,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30296,5,Bad product,Home Theathre,11
30297,5,Sound quality make better,Home Theathre,25
30298,1,Excellent Gorgeous,Home Theathre,18
30299,3,Very bad quality,Home Theathre,16
30300,5,This product is best in price but delivery time is worst,Home Theathre,56
30301,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30302,1,Review after 1 year!! It is amazing with this price and it’s connectivity is good and it has FM and Pendrive slot. Overall it is very good it’s a worth for buying,Home Theathre,162
30303,5,Very good item in this price range but there is little bit sound.,Home Theathre,65
30304,3,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30305,4,Gud,Home Theathre,3
30306,4,Some day after sound damage,Home Theathre,27
30307,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30308,1,Awesome 😍👍🏻,Home Theathre,11
30309,3,The bluetooth was not working properly........😠,Home Theathre,47
30310,5,Power full sound power full bass,Home Theathre,32
30311,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30312,4,Good product of value of many,Home Theathre,29
30313,5,"As per price it is ok but, I am having sony 4.1 previoulsy which is having superb sound quality . But it is unfair to compare sony with this one with this price. But ok pricewise. But if your expectations are high then go for sony which will be little bit costly.",Home Theathre,263
30314,4,Most worth product for this price. Really impressive 👏👌👍,Home Theathre,56
30315,1,Sound is very low,Home Theathre,17
30316,3,Sound is not good,Home Theathre,17
30317,5,Nice 🙂,Home Theathre,6
30318,1,sound not good but ok,Home Theathre,21
30319,5,Low price in Big billion days... best in this priced segment..can buy without any hesitation...,Home Theathre,95
30320,4,GOOD,Home Theathre,4
30321,4,Never buy products not to worth,Home Theathre,31
30322,3,Good one for low budget,Home Theathre,23
30323,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30324,1,Poor Quality Sound & Bass,Home Theathre,25
30325,3,Good but sound is less,Home Theathre,22
30326,5,Very Nice,Home Theathre,9
30327,3,"This is ok product. this not for Big hall. and big room. it is suit for Small area only. 1,500 Rate are ok for this.",Home Theathre,116
30328,5,Super Quality,Home Theathre,13
30329,4,Verry Best,Home Theathre,10
30330,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30331,4,"Good, sound.",Home Theathre,12
30332,1,Good for this price,Home Theathre,19
30333,1,Speaker are amazing at this price range.It is very good for home .I like the product design and sound both are very good.It is much better than f&d 5000 products.,Home Theathre,162
30334,3,Wow nice sound,Home Theathre,14
30335,5,Sound is very low but bass is too good,Home Theathre,38
30336,3,Amazing,Home Theathre,7
30337,5,Very nice product Good bass Value for money,Home Theathre,43
30338,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30339,5,Osm,Home Theathre,3
30340,4,Very bath sesytem,Home Theathre,17
30341,5,Good quality with fm radio And sound quality depend upon media which you play ▶️,Home Theathre,80
30342,5,Best in this price range.....,Home Theathre,29
30343,4,Best quality,Home Theathre,12
30344,3,wow amazing sound quality,Home Theathre,25
30345,5,Voice Slow,Home Theathre,10
30346,5,Its awesome...,Home Theathre,14
30347,5,Low budget best product,Home Theathre,23
30348,4,nice product value for the moni,Home Theathre,31
30349,2,Good item... Value for money,Home Theathre,28
30350,5,The sound quality is so bad. It's like a tiny bluetooth device. Don't buy this guys. Even they are not giving any refund. Waste of my money.,Home Theathre,140
30351,4,Not a good quality,Home Theathre,18
30352,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30353,5,Nice one,Home Theathre,8
30354,3,Remote control not working,Home Theathre,26
30355,5,Best quality,Home Theathre,12
30356,4,Suddenly stopped working just within 4 months!,Home Theathre,46
30357,4,Bass average,Home Theathre,12
30358,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30359,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30360,1,Nice Product ❤️❤️❤️,Home Theathre,19
30361,5,Excellent product in very less price A1 quality,Home Theathre,47
30362,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30363,3,Very very nice to fantastic good quality of bass,Home Theathre,48
30364,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30365,1,Good product 👌👌,Home Theathre,15
30366,5,Good according to their price,Home Theathre,29
30367,5,Base is very nice,Home Theathre,17
30368,5,Nice product 👍,Home Theathre,14
30369,4,Beutiful saund,Home Theathre,14
30370,5,"In this product Only three mode is working aux, blutooth and radio mode. Thank this product is ok for me.SD card and USB not working.",Home Theathre,133
30371,5,"nice speaker with good bass ,suitable for small or medium size room only",Home Theathre,72
30372,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30373,5,good,Home Theathre,4
30374,3,"Awesome, No words to say",Home Theathre,24
30375,5,Good but for small room okkkk at this price,Home Theathre,43
30376,5,sound quality is good,Home Theathre,21
30377,4,Best budget speakers,Home Theathre,20
30378,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30379,3,Nice sounds,Home Theathre,11
30380,4,Quality is poor,Home Theathre,15
30381,5,Nice prodect,Home Theathre,12
30382,5,Good for low cast i think better in this amount my expectation is not rech,Home Theathre,74
30383,5,Vary bad quality. Bass was low and sound quality was too low,Home Theathre,60
30384,5,The 2 speakers are not working if u want to purchase it then please guys look at the other brands,Home Theathre,97
30385,4,Product is good but it's AUX cable is defected....AUX cable is not working.,Home Theathre,75
30386,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30387,4,Wow super quality good product 👌👌👌,Home Theathre,34
30388,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
30389,1,Bad porodekt,Home Theathre,12
30390,4,Bad,Home Theathre,3
30391,4,"Value for money, worth full product",Home Theathre,35
30392,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30393,1,Very nice .,Home Theathre,11
30394,4,Osm 🔥🔥🔥🔥,Home Theathre,8
30395,4,Avareg,Home Theathre,6
30396,5,Awesome sound quality go for it,Home Theathre,31
30397,4,Time pass,Home Theathre,9
30398,1,Very nice 👌👌👌👌,Home Theathre,14
30399,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30400,5,Overall all right.,Home Theathre,18
30401,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30402,5,"It's worth for bass and sound for budget i used 1 week bass is very nice bass-5,sound-,4.5",Home Theathre,90
30403,5,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
30404,2,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30405,5,Bass is very low,Home Theathre,16
30406,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30407,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30408,4,Sound is low . But pure sound hea . I like it,Home Theathre,45
30409,4,"Apt for small rooms... Not good for big halls.I'm living in a PG in Bangalore so I'm satisfied with this product..good bass & volume, Good surrounding, Good depth for sounds and bass. And for this price range it's a good product.. Value for money product.. Suggested for users for use with laptops phones or a room only purposes . Not suitable for big TVs and home theater setups in drawing room or halls.",Home Theathre,405
30410,3,Sound is not good,Home Theathre,17
30411,5,Product quality wise not that powerful. Both bass and db is quite low for a hometheatre. Perfect for individual use or a single room.,Home Theathre,133
30412,4,Worest product....,Home Theathre,18
30413,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30414,2,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
30415,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30416,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30417,3,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
30418,5,It's a very very good product in the world,Home Theathre,42
30419,2,Sub not working Pls donot order this product,Home Theathre,44
30420,3,Good for Hall,Home Theathre,13
30421,1,Sound quality is low,Home Theathre,20
30422,4,Satisfied,Home Theathre,9
30423,3,"Those who loved medium sound and bass for those it is perfect in this price point. But who loved high bass and sound this is not for them, in this price point it is good, go for it.",Home Theathre,181
30424,5,Faddu product... Beyond expectations... Faddu Bass Faddu Tribble Faddu fast BT CONNECTION BRAND LIKE ZEBRONICS 👍✨,Home Theathre,113
30425,4,Sound is baby not good not that level,Home Theathre,37
30426,5,Lasted for 2 months then 2 speakers stopped working..😡😡😤😤,Home Theathre,57
30427,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30428,1,Base and sound is good. This is good product.,Home Theathre,45
30429,4,Very very nice zebronics...,Home Theathre,27
30430,5,Best on this rate,Home Theathre,17
30431,5,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
30432,3,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30433,5,Very good Depending on songs🎵🎵,Home Theathre,30
30434,2,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
30435,2,It's awesome. Sound quality is very good. I loved it.😍,Home Theathre,54
30436,3,Best homthu,Home Theathre,11
30437,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30438,5,No Bess,Home Theathre,7
30439,5,OK sounds like and Bass power low,Home Theathre,33
30440,3,Super prodect good worke flipcart team,Home Theathre,38
30441,5,Good item,Home Theathre,9
30442,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30443,4,must buy,Home Theathre,8
30444,5,Value For Money,Home Theathre,15
30445,5,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
30446,5,Not satisfied,Home Theathre,13
30447,2,Waste,Home Theathre,5
30448,2,Nice superb quality,Home Theathre,19
30449,3,Best product,Home Theathre,12
30450,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30451,4,1 speaker is not working... That's why I gave 3 stars.. otherwise product is okay,Home Theathre,81
30452,5,Very nice product,Home Theathre,17
30453,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
30454,4,This is waste product,Home Theathre,21
30455,3,"This product gonna kill me, That's was amazing I'm loveing it 🖤",Home Theathre,63
30456,1,Sound quality not good,Home Theathre,22
30457,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30458,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30459,5,Aux mode Is not working properly,Home Theathre,32
30460,3,Low speak,Home Theathre,9
30461,5,"Very nice, I love this ❤❤❤",Home Theathre,26
30462,5,Product nalla eruku value for money small room ku ok,Home Theathre,52
30463,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30464,4,Very poor quality,Home Theathre,17
30465,2,"Sound is not a loud ,very poor sound and Bess is also poor",Home Theathre,58
30466,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30467,5,Perfect product Thank you,Home Theathre,25
30468,1,Normal sound .On bass and trable very low quality.,Home Theathre,50
30469,2,The sound is like a monster,Home Theathre,27
30470,5,Poor quality sound,Home Theathre,18
30471,4,Valuable for this price,Home Theathre,23
30472,5,Likely but not best,Home Theathre,19
30473,1,Low level sound just ok,Home Theathre,23
30474,1,Excellent product,Home Theathre,17
30475,5,"I'm Use Zebronic ZEB-FEEL 60W On 1 Year & Result is Absolutely Amazing, Fantastic, Good, Performed Are Good , Bass Is Amazing, & My Song is Good Play This Home Theater Really Bass Is Great 👍🏻 Brrrrrr 🛸🌟🔥",Home Theathre,203
30476,4,Value for money Good quality Thanks flipkart 😍,Home Theathre,46
30477,3,It's a awesome product thank you so much flipkart,Home Theathre,49
30478,5,Supper,Home Theathre,6
30479,2,good product,Home Theathre,12
30480,4,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
30481,4,Okay but sound not good very slow fir 4 speaker very slow sound effect bad,Home Theathre,74
30482,4,"First time got the product, but some time open and packed before received me.. The box paking with simple sellotape,and base sound was damage...then replace the product and received with company paking and good condition. The sound is good and classy home theater....",Home Theathre,267
30483,5,Worst,Home Theathre,5
30484,5,Less sound bass is average satisfied for money,Home Theathre,46
30485,5,Not orth if money,Home Theathre,17
30486,5,The sound is worst,Home Theathre,18
30487,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30488,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30489,5,Sound not good,Home Theathre,14
30490,3,nice sound and having punch bass i just loved to hear this sound,Home Theathre,64
30491,4,Sound collity is very low,Home Theathre,25
30492,1,It's good valuable cost,Home Theathre,23
30493,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30494,1,Bed product,Home Theathre,11
30495,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30496,4,Best Bluetooth Home Theater at this price range . Go For it,Home Theathre,59
30497,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30498,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30499,5,Wrost product.,Home Theathre,14
30500,1,I won’t recommend it not feeling zeb feel 😂 Speaker 🔊 quality is worst plastic is cheap quality Woofer is Good but Build quality is low & bass is just like a baby 🙊,Home Theathre,164
30501,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30502,4,Super......I strongly recommend to all.....,Home Theathre,43
30503,1,Speakers are entry level. Sound is not too loud. It's decent for a room size of 12'X12'. Bass is okayish. A good budget option for stereo speakers. A similar creative speakers sound louder than these though.,Home Theathre,207
30504,4,Nice product 👍 in this price,Home Theathre,28
30505,5,"60W is very less volume, good enough for 10*12 room, Bluetooth connectivity is good , BASS is also ok.",Home Theathre,102
30506,3,Fully satisfied 👍,Home Theathre,17
30507,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30508,1,I can't believe the product damage came even the second time,Home Theathre,60
30509,3,I like this product,Home Theathre,19
30510,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30511,5,Good product I like it,Home Theathre,22
30512,3,The sound is low compared to other 60w speaker.bass is ok.overall ok with this price segment.,Home Theathre,93
30513,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
30514,5,"Don't expect bass,",Home Theathre,18
30515,4,Super. 😍,Home Theathre,8
30516,4,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30517,1,Ok nice,Home Theathre,7
30518,5,Nice ok,Home Theathre,7
30519,5,Good home theatre . Under 2000rs,Home Theathre,32
30520,4,Super product,Home Theathre,13
30521,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30522,5,Such a worst product don't waste money. They don't have return policy.  Pathetic service from Flipkart.  Not even 1 star it's 0 actually.,Home Theathre,137
30523,2,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
30524,5,Not bad sound quality good.. this prize range,Home Theathre,45
30525,4,Super must purchase,Home Theathre,19
30526,3,Not ok,Home Theathre,6
30527,4,Sound quality is awesome. Bass is also good,Home Theathre,43
30528,4,Sound ok Bass good,Home Theathre,18
30529,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30530,4,nice one,Home Theathre,8
30531,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30532,5,This product is good,Home Theathre,20
30533,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
30534,5,Very bad quality sound don't bye,Home Theathre,32
30535,1,Not satisfied,Home Theathre,13
30536,5,Sound low,Home Theathre,9
30537,5,I like the product with this price,Home Theathre,34
30538,5,This is sound very power full and high sound this product so awesome nice thank you flip cart,Home Theathre,93
30539,4,good product at this price range 1999.. fully satisfied,Home Theathre,55
30540,4,Best in home,Home Theathre,12
30541,5,After 7 days bass volume very low,Home Theathre,33
30542,4,Mass worth home theatre,Home Theathre,23
30543,1,Recommend for small rooms not for big. Disappointed,Home Theathre,51
30544,1,Nice product value for money,Home Theathre,28
30545,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
30546,4,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30547,5,OSAM,Home Theathre,4
30548,5,Please return sound problem,Home Theathre,27
30549,5,Very poor sound quality....Don't buy...,Home Theathre,39
30550,1,"Need to add one small screen in which person can see, which mode activate and while streaming FM frequency would appear to know which channel is running  Like I am not able to identify whether till which frequency it got auto setup and still not find 107.2 frequency (old songs ) faverot channel",Home Theathre,295
30551,5,😍😍Awsome 😘,Home Theathre,10
30552,2,Nice.. Product good value for money,Home Theathre,35
30553,5,Excellent,Home Theathre,9
30554,5,Good product I like it.,Home Theathre,23
30555,4,Very poor sound quality and worthless,Home Theathre,37
30556,4,Bad quality product,Home Theathre,19
30557,1,Nice product 👍,Home Theathre,14
30558,1,Sound quality very low,Home Theathre,22
30559,4,Not bad good,Home Theathre,12
30560,5,Awesome👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 love you zebronics,Home Theathre,34
30561,4,2000 rs ok good,Home Theathre,15
30562,5,..Awesome sound quality ..Bass is too good ..Connectivity is superb ..looking awesome ..over all happy with this product.,Home Theathre,121
30563,4,Very nice. Value gor money,Home Theathre,26
30564,1,Volume problem,Home Theathre,14
30565,1,Value for money .... Highly recommended,Home Theathre,39
30566,4,Very good quality good sound and good bass thanks filpkart,Home Theathre,58
30567,1,Nice prouduct,Home Theathre,13
30568,3,Not very well review.,Home Theathre,21
30569,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30570,5,Sound is very low very poor never buy this speaker,Home Theathre,50
30571,5,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
30572,5,🙂 Nice,Home Theathre,6
30573,1,Item packing very bad Only led TV used,Home Theathre,38
30574,5,Good produt,Home Theathre,11
30575,5,In this price veey good product... In one word value for money👌👌👌,Home Theathre,65
30576,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30577,3,Very good job,Home Theathre,13
30578,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30579,2,I am happy and thanku flipkart,Home Theathre,30
30580,4,Not bad..,Home Theathre,9
30581,5,Sound quality is very low not good in this price range,Home Theathre,54
30582,3,Sound quality is low but Bass is super,Home Theathre,38
30583,3,Fm is not working sound is ok,Home Theathre,29
30584,5,Not good sounds,Home Theathre,15
30585,4,After a few days the sound gets less.,Home Theathre,37
30586,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30587,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30588,4,Very Nice product,Home Theathre,17
30589,4,Product is very nice 🤘🤘🤘,Home Theathre,24
30590,1,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30591,4,Very very nice,Home Theathre,14
30592,4,Great sound for room only,Home Theathre,25
30593,3,super,Home Theathre,5
30594,3,There is bass but not too high sound in these home theatre,Home Theathre,58
30595,5,Best product in budget,Home Theathre,22
30596,3,Nice purchase an,Home Theathre,16
30597,5,Good product place use,Home Theathre,22
30598,5,All are k but product sound output not equal to 60w. Product telling sound output is 60w but it equal to 20w.,Home Theathre,109
30599,4,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30600,5,In description there is mention 60W but it's not that much. Its like 20W sound quality is very low. Till 80 percentage of volume there is no sound at all and when we increase volume 81 or above then we can able to hear sounds. My 40W Boat stone 1500 Bluetooth speaker is much louder then this home theatre.,Home Theathre,306
30601,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
30602,4,Good sound...but Bluetooth connectivity very bad... otherwise good,Home Theathre,66
30603,1,Good. But only use small room,Home Theathre,29
30604,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
30605,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30606,5,if you're searching for Good speaker on this price range then go for it.,Home Theathre,72
30607,4,Very worst low sound quality,Home Theathre,28
30608,5,Nice produce.. #superb,Home Theathre,22
30609,1,after 2 month use sound is verry low quality,Home Theathre,44
30610,5,Nice product valuable of money....!!!,Home Theathre,37
30611,3,"No battery inside instruments, good product I am happy",Home Theathre,54
30612,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
30613,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
30614,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30615,5,Very nice 👍❤️❤️❤️❤️,Home Theathre,19
30616,1,Very good sound very good quality I'm so happy,Home Theathre,46
30617,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30618,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30619,5,Sweet sounds,Home Theathre,12
30620,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30621,5,Bat quality,Home Theathre,11
30622,4,Bass is strong but audio quality is ok ok..... but for this price this speakers and value for money....,Home Theathre,103
30623,3,Sound quality is too good but speakers are very small in size,Home Theathre,61
30624,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30625,5,Very good👍👍,Home Theathre,11
30626,5,Value for Money.. Good Connectivity,Home Theathre,35
30627,4,Good good 👌👌,Home Theathre,12
30628,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30629,5,Very poor,Home Theathre,9
30630,1,Sound is very low.,Home Theathre,18
30631,4,Good.. Like it... 🔵Bluetooth facility if applied this means some what better..,Home Theathre,78
30632,5,Super product,Home Theathre,13
30633,5,Very good home theatre. I like this . This is best home theatre in 2k,Home Theathre,69
30634,4,Sound is good quality,Home Theathre,21
30635,4,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
30636,5,Sound is very low,Home Theathre,17
30637,4,Not good bad product,Home Theathre,20
30638,1,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
30639,2,super good brand,Home Theathre,16
30640,3,Vast product,Home Theathre,12
30641,5,Home theater is good Bass is very good Only Problem is sound is pretty low While playing song bass is loud than sound😂😂,Home Theathre,119
30642,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30643,5,Awesome..... Loved it........,Home Theathre,29
30644,5,Super Super,Home Theathre,11
30645,3,Good Quality and Good sound.. premium look... Gentle sound system... Worth for this money..,Home Theathre,91
30646,3,Sound is so nice and full base,Home Theathre,30
30647,5,This is super sound,Home Theathre,19
30648,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
30649,2,Sounds quality is good but it should be a little more fast,Home Theathre,58
30650,4,The system has terrible wireless connectivity. Volume is too low for a 4.1 system.,Home Theathre,82
30651,5,fast delivery. Delivery person good,Home Theathre,35
30652,5,Super sounds and super bass and value of money,Home Theathre,46
30653,5,Very good product.,Home Theathre,18
30654,4,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30655,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30656,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30657,3,"Everything good but sound is not as, I expected",Home Theathre,47
30658,4,"I am writing this review after using 8 months. Currently no problem in sound. But there is some problem in connectivity, Now it take sometime to change mode, overall nice product",Home Theathre,178
30659,2,Wonderful sounds 🎉🎉,Home Theathre,19
30660,3,Super 👌,Home Theathre,7
30661,5,Good product value for money must buy 💜,Home Theathre,39
30662,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30663,4,Bad Sound Quality,Home Theathre,17
30664,5,Omg product,Home Theathre,11
30665,4,Very good product.... I'm satisfied with third,Home Theathre,46
30666,4,"Sound quality is very good, i satisfied",Home Theathre,39
30667,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30668,5,"Sound quality is very poor, Bluetooth not responding.",Home Theathre,53
30669,4,Superb item,Home Theathre,11
30670,4,Average,Home Theathre,7
30671,4,Small size,Home Theathre,10
30672,2,Good,Home Theathre,4
30673,5,I am bought it for rupees 1750 The best in market but only for small room I am writing this review after a year of use Yes it'sbuild is good Worth for buying,Home Theathre,157
30674,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30675,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30676,4,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
30677,1,not bad,Home Theathre,7
30678,5,Superb... Best quality...,Home Theathre,25
30679,3,Value for money nice product for small room,Home Theathre,43
30680,2,Save of money product wise very nice.....,Home Theathre,41
30681,5,Small room okey,Home Theathre,15
30682,5,Sound is low but overall this product is good...,Home Theathre,48
30683,5,Very bad,Home Theathre,8
30684,5,Very worst low volume waste of money waste of time.......,Home Theathre,57
30685,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30686,3,Not good but nice,Home Theathre,17
30687,5,Thanks 😊 you Flipkart,Home Theathre,21
30688,5,Bad product Problem started within 1 month 1 star is enough to this product.,Home Theathre,76
30689,5,Good...,Home Theathre,7
30690,4,Ok ok but sound quality is not too good base is normal and small in size weightless,Home Theathre,83
30691,4,Very good product 👍,Home Theathre,19
30692,2,I can say ok not that great,Home Theathre,27
30693,1,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
30694,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30695,1,Sound very bed low volium 60w not work,Home Theathre,38
30696,5,Quite nice.. sound quality is ok bass is good.. buld quality is also good .. thanks zebronics and flipkart,Home Theathre,106
30697,1,Sound very bad,Home Theathre,14
30698,3,I think best in this price....... This is good for a single room not for a home This is room theater not home theater Thanks flipkart and also delivery boy,Home Theathre,155
30699,3,"It is good quality sound,not bad but it is not good bass sound quality and disine",Home Theathre,81
30700,4,This 4.1 spikers is awesome in lowest prices 😀,Home Theathre,46
30701,3,Bad product sound bad,Home Theathre,21
30702,3,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
30703,5,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
30704,3,Very good,Home Theathre,9
30705,4,Super product,Home Theathre,13
30706,1,Super,Home Theathre,5
30707,3,Best products and company,Home Theathre,25
30708,4,Packing very bad,Home Theathre,16
30709,5,"best in this price segment , suitable for medium sized room, worth it",Home Theathre,69
30710,1,Sondbis good but base is awesome go for it,Home Theathre,42
30711,5,Very bad,Home Theathre,8
30712,5,Nice sounds,Home Theathre,11
30713,5,Bass effect so good,Home Theathre,19
30714,5,Nice best speaker sounds,Home Theathre,24
30715,5,Nice quality,Home Theathre,12
30716,3,Very good product bass is good sound quality good bluetooth connection good everthing is good,Home Theathre,93
30717,2,Nic product,Home Theathre,11
30718,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30719,5,Sound quality not good,Home Theathre,22
30720,1,Good product but not anything special. Sound quality is average,Home Theathre,63
30721,5,It's... But the bass is low.. And voice is good... For a room.. Look also was very good...,Home Theathre,90
30722,5,Zebronics at its best.. Loving it..,Home Theathre,35
30723,5,Nice good quality sound ..value for money,Home Theathre,41
30724,4,Nic,Home Theathre,3
30725,4,"Mediocre, Bass output is messy, could have been better, Bass off, music voice playback is crystal somehow a grace, for what it is price offered, worth package.",Home Theathre,159
30726,5,BATTERY BACKUP??? IT needs continuous power supply Awesome sound and powerfully bass I mean your room while shake Also the main woofer has speaker facing ground so its quiet awesome,Home Theathre,181
30727,4,Super sound system for small room...over all good....,Home Theathre,53
30728,3,not volume full..song...and movie ...,Home Theathre,37
30729,3,Not good ok,Home Theathre,11
30730,3,very good,Home Theathre,9
30731,5,Very good product .worth price sound super bass sound super..I give 5star..,Home Theathre,75
30732,5,It's really too bad... suggesting u don't buy this one .. it's not worth it due to very low sound quality.,Home Theathre,106
30733,4,Poor quality and sound quality is very bad,Home Theathre,42
30734,3,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
30735,5,Sound spr boss Exlent good product,Home Theathre,34
30736,5,"the blue tooth not working, sound and bass are ok",Home Theathre,49
30737,5,Not bad bass,Home Theathre,12
30738,4,Best one,Home Theathre,8
30739,5,nice,Home Theathre,4
30740,5,Awosan product,Home Theathre,14
30741,2,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30742,1,good product,Home Theathre,12
30743,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
30744,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30745,1,2 Speaker not working,Home Theathre,21
30746,5,All ok and goo,Home Theathre,14
30747,4,Good bass,Home Theathre,9
30748,5,Good prodact,Home Theathre,12
30749,5,Nice .... Sound is not loud enough,Home Theathre,34
30750,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30751,5,Super and amazing 👌👌👌,Home Theathre,21
30752,5,Wonderful product,Home Theathre,17
30753,5,Fantastic,Home Theathre,9
30754,2,Bluetooth not working,Home Theathre,21
30755,4,I don't know but superb product,Home Theathre,31
30756,5,Worst product,Home Theathre,13
30757,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30758,5,Very bad product sound quality is very poor don't buy this. Waste of money,Home Theathre,74
30759,4,Digital pannel is required,Home Theathre,26
30760,4,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
30761,5,Good.,Home Theathre,5
30762,5,Bad,Home Theathre,3
30763,1,Well impressive. Im happy flip guys thanks....go for it guys ...💋,Home Theathre,65
30764,3,Nice sound quality,Home Theathre,18
30765,1,Good but bass quality bad..,Home Theathre,27
30766,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30767,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30768,3,Good Porodect,Home Theathre,13
30769,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30770,4,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
30771,1,Perfect performance at a regionale price. Good for a average room. Easy to maintain and installation. Fast mode change facility. And the conclusion is this it's a good for a low budget music lover.,Home Theathre,197
30772,5,Very good product.. Please go for it👍👍,Home Theathre,38
30773,5,"BASS GOOD, SAOUND IS GOOD FOR 2K",Home Theathre,32
30774,4,This product is very good and extraordinary,Home Theathre,43
30775,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30776,4,Loudness is little bit low. Otherwise its best option at this price range..,Home Theathre,75
30777,5,Worth,Home Theathre,5
30778,5,Awosome..bess is good,Home Theathre,21
30779,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30780,5,Its super to use 👍🏻,Home Theathre,19
30781,5,"Overall product is good for small or medium room. Build quality is good, bass is good and Bluetooth connectivity is also good. I would have given 5 star instead of 3, the only reason for not giving is for SD card & Pen drive play function. These mode are not working and moreover radio is also not functioning. Apart from this average product for me.",Home Theathre,350
30782,4,"It's a good product in low budget , but sound is little, Quality of remote is good and heavy ... No cover in subwoofer like net.. otherwise degin is mast...",Home Theathre,156
30783,5,Sound are good value of money correct product,Home Theathre,45
30784,5,Best for me,Home Theathre,11
30785,4,awesome product si don't expect in this cheap money,Home Theathre,51
30786,5,Nice sound quality,Home Theathre,18
30787,5,Nice product at this price. Good for Small Room Not For party.. 4 Star Overall..,Home Theathre,80
30788,4,Okay. No problem with sound. Bass is okay for small room. It's only 60 watt so don't expect much. Good for pc.,Home Theathre,110
30789,5,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
30790,3,Very bad products😡😡😡 Only waste of money,Home Theathre,40
30791,4,Nyc Product 👌 I m Happy,Home Theathre,23
30792,5,Delivery is so fast. And product is nice 👌🏻,Home Theathre,43
30793,5,Without bass volume is nothing sound quality is not as expected if you hear it without bass volume is like mini speaker which is not satisfactory. Overall bass is good but not volume.,Home Theathre,183
30794,5,For single room it's good and in budget Not for hard lover of home theatre and bass,Home Theathre,83
30795,5,"Very good sound, good and high bass for your room.",Home Theathre,50
30796,4,Sound quality amazing.,Home Theathre,22
30797,3,Excellent,Home Theathre,9
30798,4,Bass is good............,Home Theathre,24
30799,1,Very nice it's amazing...........love it,Home Theathre,40
30800,5,Great product good bass good stuff,Home Theathre,34
30801,4,Good product 👍,Home Theathre,14
30802,1,Superbbbb,Home Theathre,9
30803,4,Bed saund quality,Home Theathre,17
30804,5,No doubts go for it,Home Theathre,19
30805,5,Woofer sound super....,Home Theathre,22
30806,5,Super 👍🏻,Home Theathre,8
30807,3,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30808,5,It is very good please buy this product,Home Theathre,39
30809,5,Best for medium size room,Home Theathre,25
30810,5,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
30811,5,Finishing 4 star,Home Theathre,16
30812,1,The subufer bass was good,Home Theathre,25
30813,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30814,4,Amazing and sound system,Home Theathre,24
30815,5,Nice but not good,Home Theathre,17
30816,4,Good product and delivery boy as good,Home Theathre,37
30817,5,Good quality of this home theater because it is very efficiate product,Home Theathre,70
30818,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
30819,2,Recieved defective product,Home Theathre,26
30820,4,Good delivery flib kart thanks,Home Theathre,30
30821,5,"Worst product, genuine review, dont purchase",Home Theathre,44
30822,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30823,5,"Volume is poor, I'm not satisfied",Home Theathre,33
30824,3,"Good as i expected , but bass is not good ,",Home Theathre,43
30825,5,Excellent,Home Theathre,9
30826,5,Awesome product with good packing thanks to Flipkart for great service,Home Theathre,70
30827,5,"Good product, satisfied with it. The product price is perfect, and the quality is good as well.",Home Theathre,95
30828,1,Amazing speakers,Home Theathre,16
30829,5,Can't connect Laptop,Home Theathre,20
30830,2,Must have for 1 BHK and TV units,Home Theathre,32
30831,4,It is good product and money worthy.  Nice product,Home Theathre,50
30832,2,"Very good product,,,must buy",Home Theathre,28
30833,4,Bass top small bass,Home Theathre,19
30834,5,Over all best home theater at this price range 🤗 so don't hesitate to buy... Just go for it👍,Home Theathre,92
30835,5,This very bad product. Don't waste your money,Home Theathre,45
30836,4,Sound quality awesome,Home Theathre,21
30837,5,Great,Home Theathre,5
30838,3,Okk good,Home Theathre,8
30839,5,Nice plyer,Home Theathre,10
30840,4,Wow,Home Theathre,3
30841,5,My right surrounding not working bad experience from Zeb.,Home Theathre,57
30842,4,Nice sound and bass best value for money,Home Theathre,40
30843,5,This sub-woofer is awesome in this amount,Home Theathre,41
30844,1,Nice products,Home Theathre,13
30845,5,Good👍👍,Home Theathre,6
30846,5,It's OK,Home Theathre,7
30847,5,Good bass and sound quality is good,Home Theathre,35
30848,5,Must buy,Home Theathre,8
30849,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30850,2,Excellent product and more than expected... Thank you flipkart and seller,Home Theathre,73
30851,4,Soo good,Home Theathre,8
30852,5,It's a 45 watt not 60 watt,Home Theathre,26
30853,5,"Awesome woofer and speaker, seller was really good but the courier person was irresponsible.",Home Theathre,92
30854,5,good quality,Home Theathre,12
30855,3,Super sound quality,Home Theathre,19
30856,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30857,4,Osm,Home Theathre,3
30858,2,After use of one month boofer stop working totally disappointed,Home Theathre,63
30859,5,Nice product in this price range,Home Theathre,32
30860,4,Poor quality,Home Theathre,12
30861,4,Volume level is little low.,Home Theathre,27
30862,5,"Sounds good , only bass is not as expected. Other wise 👍",Home Theathre,56
30863,5,Gd,Home Theathre,2
30864,4,Superb,Home Theathre,6
30865,3,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30866,4,Overall product is good But I expected more sound,Home Theathre,49
30867,1,Working good,Home Theathre,12
30868,4,This is excellent,Home Theathre,17
30869,2,All good FM not Coming help me out.,Home Theathre,35
30870,3,The sound level is low than the expection,Home Theathre,41
30871,4,good quality in 60 w 👉🏻👍🏻🖤,Home Theathre,26
30872,4,Awesome product in the cheapest price,Home Theathre,37
30873,5,Not best but good.,Home Theathre,18
30874,5,Nice product sweet sound quality...😍,Home Theathre,36
30875,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
30876,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
30877,5,Best product in this prize range...,Home Theathre,35
30878,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30879,3,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30880,5,Very worst sound quality,Home Theathre,24
30881,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30882,5,Excellent Speaker with Remote,Home Theathre,29
30883,4,Awesome bass nice hometheater,Home Theathre,29
30884,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
30885,5,All right thanx filipcart,Home Theathre,25
30886,5,Nice sound and supar bass,Home Theathre,25
30887,5,Simple and Good,Home Theathre,15
30888,4,Super I m using last six months tq flip cart,Home Theathre,44
30889,2,Bad quality,Home Theathre,11
30890,4,Avarage,Home Theathre,7
30891,5,Nice sound and look. styles .. Short area coverage. good product ...,Home Theathre,68
30892,4,Gust amazing,Home Theathre,12
30893,4,Design is good,Home Theathre,14
30894,3,Sound low,Home Theathre,9
30895,5,Two Home theater after 2 hours not working,Home Theathre,42
30896,5,Best quality of life,Home Theathre,20
30897,4,Bad product,Home Theathre,11
30898,2,"I bought 1 week back this spekers. With in 10 days it is stop working,so plz see this review before u buy and I am requesting all, dont buy this product anymore and try to avoid buying electronic products from flipkart",Home Theathre,218
30899,3,Pathetic product. Connectivity and Sound issues all along,Home Theathre,57
30900,5,Good👍 super,Home Theathre,11
30901,5,bas is super sond but speker very less sound,Home Theathre,44
30902,3,Very nice sound quality,Home Theathre,23
30903,2,Bass & noise quality is not much good,Home Theathre,37
30904,1,One of the worst model ever I've purchased in zebronics ..... Totally dissatisfied I seriously do not promote this at all Soo sorry  Bass shuts down in between the music And it's not even worth buy from ZEBRONICS,Home Theathre,212
30905,5,Sound quality but not loud sound.,Home Theathre,33
30906,1,Excellent product,Home Theathre,17
30907,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30908,1,Osm products,Home Theathre,12
30909,5,Doesn't meet the quality as expected.,Home Theathre,37
30910,4,Super 👌,Home Theathre,7
30911,4,After 4 months very good sound quality,Home Theathre,38
30912,3,good,Home Theathre,4
30913,1,very good product..,Home Theathre,19
30914,1,Volume is ok but speaker size are too small. Not satisfied,Home Theathre,58
30915,3,It's going good,Home Theathre,15
30916,5,Sound is low.,Home Theathre,13
30917,5,Gd products,Home Theathre,11
30918,2,Super sound,Home Theathre,11
30919,5,One speaker not running as the wire which one connected from woofer is loose....sometimes it works nd sometimes dosnt,Home Theathre,117
30920,5,Good base for saund,Home Theathre,19
30921,5,Nice product thanks flipcart and fast delivery,Home Theathre,46
30922,5,Ok,Home Theathre,2
30923,1,Good product nice built quality,Home Theathre,31
30924,5,"Sound comes very low, I have increased tv sound DTH sound and also home theater sound...... But sound comes very low...... Not satisfied",Home Theathre,136
30925,5,Worth of mony truely very very good,Home Theathre,35
30926,5,This product is not good,Home Theathre,24
30927,5,Faltu products,Home Theathre,14
30928,1,I thought that it should be not much great experience for this speaker but when I received and checked out sound quality ...I was really very stunned.it has high bass with crystal clear audio and good Bluetooth connectivity!!! Must buy this home theater system..really value for money product..,Home Theathre,294
30929,5,"Awesome Quality with good sound, Perfect for domestic uses",Home Theathre,58
30930,5,Worst sound and bass quality ever i seen. Not worthy product.,Home Theathre,61
30931,3,Nyc speaker....awesome bass...just wow,Home Theathre,38
30932,4,Osm sound best bass and sound quality mast,Home Theathre,42
30933,3,Value for money,Home Theathre,15
30934,5,Good for use in a room,Home Theathre,22
30935,1,Nice product. Sound quality is good considering the price tag. Definitely recommended.,Home Theathre,86
30936,1,"Best in quality within the price range. Superb bass, nicely built. Sound clarity good. I give it a 5 Stars!",Home Theathre,107
30937,5,"Good quality bass and quality sound, since it's 60w speaker it's not that sound.",Home Theathre,80
30938,5,Too god,Home Theathre,7
30939,1,Very good quality and sound good bass good Thank Flipkart,Home Theathre,57
30940,5,Very nice product thanks flipkart Sanaul ko pasand hai,Home Theathre,54
30941,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
30942,5,No much Sound better in 100sq feet area,Home Theathre,39
30943,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
30944,5,Nice Home Theater in this Price Segment.. It also has Radio Mode.. Decent quality sound and bass... Built Quality is quite impressive..,Home Theathre,135
30945,5,Display product (dusty) rest all good,Home Theathre,37
30946,5,Product is good but delivery to lete,Home Theathre,36
30947,1,Good quality for this price range,Home Theathre,33
30948,5,Average product,Home Theathre,15
30949,5,Very poor quality and stopped working in 10 days,Home Theathre,48
30950,3,Medium sound,Home Theathre,12
30951,4,Overall good,Home Theathre,12
30952,3,Worthy for money..,Home Theathre,18
30953,4,Very bad product,Home Theathre,16
30954,4,Bed product,Home Theathre,11
30955,4,Nice not bad but okay,Home Theathre,21
30956,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30957,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30958,1,SOUND LOUDNESS IS LITTLE BIT LOW BUT AFTER ALL THIS IS A VERY GOOD HOME THEATRE IN THIS PRICE RANGE.,Home Theathre,100
30959,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30960,5,Great in this price range.,Home Theathre,26
30961,4,Better,Home Theathre,6
30962,1,What a product really wonderful thing,Home Theathre,37
30963,1,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30964,2,Very good Iam happy,Home Theathre,19
30965,5,Does not reach the expectations level😐,Home Theathre,38
30966,5,You provide including remote but i have no remote please don't write this type of answers.,Home Theathre,90
30967,4,Good prodact,Home Theathre,12
30968,4,Good Quality,Home Theathre,12
30969,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30970,1,Bad wesht of money,Home Theathre,18
30971,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30972,5,Best product with the best price..,Home Theathre,34
30973,4,Wrost product i had received after replacement again. Don't buy this.,Home Theathre,69
30974,1,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
30975,3,Good bass I liked,Home Theathre,17
30976,4,Blue tooth is not working,Home Theathre,25
30977,5,OK,Home Theathre,2
30978,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
30979,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
30980,3,Nice,Home Theathre,4
30981,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
30982,1,Sound quality awesome very good product,Home Theathre,39
30983,5,Just good,Home Theathre,9
30984,4,Good sound quality at this price range with Bluetooth recommend to buy it on offer period.,Home Theathre,90
30985,1,"Good sound system, but not tooo loud.",Home Theathre,37
30986,5,Super❤❤,Home Theathre,7
30987,5,Nice product good bass and super 🔥 volume,Home Theathre,41
30988,4,First impression looks better for this price,Home Theathre,44
30989,5,Good bass and sound,Home Theathre,19
30990,3,Osm product zebronics and quick delivery thanks for serve and speed delivery thanks for flipkart,Home Theathre,96
30991,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
30992,4,Worst product ever seen in my life.... Very bad..... If u want to make Your day bad then only buying this product,Home Theathre,113
30993,5,bass quality not good,Home Theathre,21
30994,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
30995,5,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
30996,5,It's a worst ever product I have ever received. Bass function doesn't work at all. Sound quality is no better than a local 500 sound tower. Not recommended at all.,Home Theathre,163
30997,4,Decent product,Home Theathre,14
30998,5,Product is good but packaging shouldn't be as sent by the seller but it should be flipkart package since it is exposed to others and risks of being stolen is higher.,Home Theathre,165
30999,5,Good product,Home Theathre,12
31000,5,Its good for bass is super for small room but the build quality is not good and i have used for 6 months and its not working anymore I don't know why please fix this,Home Theathre,165
31001,1,After replacement one speaker is not working bad product,Home Theathre,56
31002,3,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
31003,3,Nice Good Product for This Prise,Home Theathre,32
31004,4,Very good nice,Home Theathre,14
31005,1,Good product,Home Theathre,12
31006,4,Nice sound,Home Theathre,10
31007,5,Sound is good,Home Theathre,13
31008,5,Nice 👌👌,Home Theathre,7
31009,3,Best,Home Theathre,4
31010,2,Parfect,Home Theathre,7
31011,5,SUB WOOFER MUCH MORE VIBARATING,Home Theathre,31
31012,4,All is good..,Home Theathre,13
31013,4,Super good quality,Home Theathre,18
31014,5,This product was very good sound was so good,Home Theathre,44
31015,5,Excellent,Home Theathre,9
31016,3,Worst experience with this product,Home Theathre,34
31017,4,Low volume but average Good product,Home Theathre,35
31018,5,Good condition home thetar,Home Theathre,26
31019,1,Worth of money,Home Theathre,14
31020,2,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31021,4,Nice Product,Home Theathre,12
31022,4,Width good normal use,Home Theathre,21
31023,5,Compare to cost good,Home Theathre,20
31024,3,Never purchage on this item very bad expriance its poor quality and bad sound discusting and after purchage not return costomer care are not give any positive badly talking after purchage,Home Theathre,187
31025,1,Everything is ok..but bess is not accurate...i think its more then better,Home Theathre,73
31026,3,Best product in this price range,Home Theathre,32
31027,4,Good one tho,Home Theathre,12
31028,5,Excellent speakers at affordable price..Sound quality is very good.Just loved it.,Home Theathre,81
31029,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
31030,5,"Not as per expectation, bass is almost none",Home Theathre,43
31031,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31032,5,Good but 80%,Home Theathre,12
31033,1,Good product at is range,Home Theathre,24
31034,4,Good product,Home Theathre,12
31035,4,You can buy it is best product,Home Theathre,30
31036,4,Sound is low,Home Theathre,12
31037,5,Superb low budget Home theater...Vera leavel...i using last 6 months ...,Home Theathre,72
31038,3,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31039,2,Value for money...good product,Home Theathre,30
31040,3,This product is good,Home Theathre,20
31041,4,Good quality sound system,Home Theathre,25
31042,4,bass is awesome best for small-medium room nice music loved it,Home Theathre,62
31043,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31044,5,Sound quality is worst,Home Theathre,22
31045,4,Good One,Home Theathre,8
31046,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31047,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31048,4,GOOD PRODUCT FOR PRICE.,Home Theathre,23
31049,4,Sound quality and Bass quality is good and enough for one room.,Home Theathre,63
31050,4,Supar bass,Home Theathre,10
31051,5,Sound is very poor quality,Home Theathre,26
31052,4,"Waste of money, don't buy it, Build quality is strong but sound quality very very poor .",Home Theathre,88
31053,1,Good quality,Home Theathre,12
31054,5,Osm product best saund,Home Theathre,22
31055,5,Beautiful,Home Theathre,9
31056,5,Very very very bad product.,Home Theathre,27
31057,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
31058,4,Thank you Flipcart.I am happy this product.,Home Theathre,43
31059,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31060,1,Sound quality good but bass is not good....,Home Theathre,43
31061,2,Sound is good and quality to good. Paisa vasool product,Home Theathre,55
31062,3,Bass amezing,Home Theathre,12
31063,3,Its not reached my expetations... But ok..,Home Theathre,42
31064,5,Nice bass And sound,Home Theathre,19
31065,1,Excellent,Home Theathre,9
31066,5,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
31067,4,Worst product ever I bought Very Disappointed dont buy it!!!,Home Theathre,60
31068,4,Excellent sound quality and money for value Good bass Good sound,Home Theathre,64
31069,5,Sound quality is very low,Home Theathre,25
31070,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31071,5,Sound quality not good,Home Theathre,22
31072,4,Waste of money,Home Theathre,14
31073,5,Value for money good bass and sound,Home Theathre,35
31074,5,Satisfied,Home Theathre,9
31075,4,Awesome Sounds,Home Theathre,14
31076,1,Awesome,Home Theathre,7
31077,5,best quality,Home Theathre,12
31078,1,Value for money.,Home Theathre,16
31079,4,Bluetooth not support. Sound quality is very poor.,Home Theathre,50
31080,1,Good product but built quality was not good.sound and bass was supurb.,Home Theathre,70
31081,1,Very nice 👌👌👌,Home Theathre,13
31082,5,Bass good,Home Theathre,9
31083,5,Worst,Home Theathre,5
31084,3,Product is good according to this budget,Home Theathre,40
31085,5,It is not getting sound,Home Theathre,23
31086,4,Avarage no sub aggressive price is best this price is west of noney,Home Theathre,67
31087,5,Bad product sound quality is too low Waste money,Home Theathre,48
31088,1,It's not bad,Home Theathre,12
31089,5,Good sound Super bass,Home Theathre,21
31090,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31091,5,Supper item,Home Theathre,11
31092,1,Good Quality,Home Theathre,12
31093,4,I Will received a damage product (3 speaker is ok & 1 is not working,Home Theathre,68
31094,1,It's good product,Home Theathre,17
31095,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31096,1,Nice product in fare price I got this product only 2600rs approx. Sound and base is Aswosem in this price. In this budget this zebronics Zeb feel 60w is nice option . Love u Flipkart,Home Theathre,182
31097,4,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
31098,4,good for this range,Home Theathre,19
31099,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
31100,5,Super 😄😄,Home Theathre,8
31101,5,Superb sound & bass,Home Theathre,19
31102,3,It ia an small home theatre system but ...it has an amazing bass and volume l love it 💕💕,Home Theathre,88
31103,4,Don't go for it else go for a jbl or infinity Bluetooth speakers which would look too small in comparison with it but beleive me they are better than this they are small but louder than this,Home Theathre,190
31104,5,Good prodact in reasonable price,Home Theathre,32
31105,5,Weast product,Home Theathre,13
31106,5,"Sound quality is very low, when it connect with bluetooth, then sound is reduced. With SD card sound more than bluetooth.",Home Theathre,121
31107,4,Very good in this price.,Home Theathre,24
31108,5,This is such a awesome👏😊👍 product I m very hppy to buy this..,Home Theathre,61
31109,5,Very bad sound .don't buy speakers from flipkart. My brother purchased speakers from nearby stores in 1500 and it is better than this in all aspects,Home Theathre,148
31110,5,No 65 W performance,Home Theathre,19
31111,5,Good Product,Home Theathre,12
31112,1,Nice product..Good build quality..nice sound clearity good bass..good for small to medium room..i recommend this product 👍,Home Theathre,122
31113,3,Superb quality sounds & also Bass...I love it ✌🏼,Home Theathre,48
31114,1,Good and bass improve cheyali,Home Theathre,29
31115,1,good product but delicate in nature,Home Theathre,35
31116,5,Ok good,Home Theathre,7
31117,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31118,1,It is good experiences for listening songs,Home Theathre,42
31119,1,Sound effect is not good that s why I will return the product,Home Theathre,61
31120,5,Super quality sound in bass,Home Theathre,27
31121,5,Sounds quality is not that great also the base is very low. I couldn't believe that it has 4 speakers but volume is so low.,Home Theathre,123
31122,5,Best for 10×12 room,Home Theathre,19
31123,4,Good bass but low sound,Home Theathre,23
31124,3,Not retru policy,Home Theathre,16
31125,3,bass is very good,Home Theathre,17
31126,4,"Nice produc. just two problem,wire need more length and more sound.soundclarity is supper",Home Theathre,89
31127,5,I am satisfied from this product,Home Theathre,32
31128,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
31129,5,Awesome product.....i just love it,Home Theathre,34
31130,3,Sound poor,Home Theathre,10
31131,5,It's a super product,Home Theathre,20
31132,5,Company Claim 60w but its on and average 45w.,Home Theathre,45
31133,1,Super bass nice,Home Theathre,15
31134,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
31135,3,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
31136,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
31137,3,Very bad quality of sound,Home Theathre,25
31138,5,Superb home theatre,Home Theathre,19
31139,1,Quality is not good and worst product,Home Theathre,37
31140,5,It's better for mid size room and hall and bass is average a good product from zebronics and flipkart,Home Theathre,101
31141,3,2 speaker are not working,Home Theathre,25
31142,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
31143,5,Osm quality osm bass👌👌👌,Home Theathre,23
31144,4,Bed bass & not clear voice,Home Theathre,26
31145,5,Got just 2099 . Awsm product,Home Theathre,28
31146,1,low quality,Home Theathre,11
31147,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31148,1,Best,Home Theathre,4
31149,5,Average,Home Theathre,7
31150,1,It's okay 👶,Home Theathre,11
31151,5,Worth ok amount,Home Theathre,15
31152,5,Bass is very beautiful according this prize range... Sound is not so loud but enough... Over all best in this prize range...,Home Theathre,124
31153,1,Bad quality so very good not,Home Theathre,28
31154,5,Good one and lower price,Home Theathre,24
31155,2,Best,Home Theathre,4
31156,4,Awesome thanks,Home Theathre,14
31157,5,Satisfied product at this price range...go for it.,Home Theathre,50
31158,2,Damegede itam,Home Theathre,13
31159,4,Good😎producte go for it✌️ Love😍it,Home Theathre,33
31160,3,Superb but bass is low and vibrate that's all excellent build...,Home Theathre,64
31161,4,Very good quality 👌,Home Theathre,19
31162,2,Good bass good sound,Home Theathre,20
31163,5,Vgood,Home Theathre,5
31164,4,"It's really good according to budget , but if u want a huge sound then don't buy it . Bass is also low ...",Home Theathre,106
31165,5,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
31166,4,Super,Home Theathre,5
31167,1,Very good product,Home Theathre,17
31168,4,Very nice quality,Home Theathre,17
31169,4,Sound is less but ok for a small room solved my purpose.,Home Theathre,56
31170,5,Damage product,Home Theathre,14
31171,5,So nice,Home Theathre,7
31172,4,Very low sounds & bass,Home Theathre,22
31173,4,Bad sound quality! Bluetooth connectivity very poor.. worst product don't buy .. read review and then buy,Home Theathre,105
31174,5,It is really very nice,Home Theathre,22
31175,4,Sound is very clear and bass is awesome,Home Theathre,39
31176,4,not started after 6 manths bad colity,Home Theathre,37
31177,4,Its amazing guys,Home Theathre,16
31178,3,Osm best product in these price,Home Theathre,31
31179,1,4 speakers are not giving same frequency.one speaker is giving disturbance...base is also giving disturbance..exchanged 2times but no use.. please dont waste ur money,Home Theathre,166
31180,5,Very nice product 😘😘😘,Home Theathre,21
31181,3,1499 rs good very good,Home Theathre,22
31182,2,Good super super super,Home Theathre,22
31183,5,As compared to price it is value for money,Home Theathre,42
31184,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31185,2,Not Bad......Just Ok,Home Theathre,20
31186,5,"Sound is too low , don't go for this.",Home Theathre,37
31187,5,It's ok,Home Theathre,7
31188,1,"product mentioned 60 W but Subwoofer 20W only.. remaining Satilite speakers 40 ,Sound is not enough and it doesn't have refund...",Home Theathre,129
31189,5,One of the best speakers in the lowest price. Must buy product,Home Theathre,62
31190,5,Sound quality is very low.,Home Theathre,26
31191,5,Very low sound,Home Theathre,14
31192,4,Very nice,Home Theathre,9
31193,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31194,3,excellent,Home Theathre,9
31195,1,Not a good product sound quality is poor,Home Theathre,40
31196,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31197,1,good,Home Theathre,4
31198,5,Awesome sound quality for classic music bass not bad But vibration is very Good,Home Theathre,79
31199,5,very good,Home Theathre,9
31200,1,I am very excited to bring this speaker And I bringing It is so good and I reale like this product It is such a nice home theater,Home Theathre,129
31201,5,Best,Home Theathre,4
31202,4,not bad,Home Theathre,7
31203,4,Exalent,Home Theathre,7
31204,1,Super,Home Theathre,5
31205,4,It was wonderful and amazing. It sound was fabulous,Home Theathre,51
31206,4,"Suited only for small rooms, definitely not for Hall",Home Theathre,52
31207,3,"Very bad, sound quality is very bad",Home Theathre,35
31208,5,Very bad,Home Theathre,8
31209,5,Decent 4.1 Home Theatre,Home Theathre,23
31210,4,Value of tha money,Home Theathre,18
31211,3,Okay Okay Product,Home Theathre,17
31212,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31213,4,Awesome quality,Home Theathre,15
31214,5,Aswsome product,Home Theathre,15
31215,3,Best small sound system,Home Theathre,23
31216,2,Worth buying products in this range go for it....🥳🥳,Home Theathre,51
31217,1,Best product,Home Theathre,12
31218,4,Poor Product quality,Home Theathre,20
31219,4,"At this price sound is very fine, should use it once in a lifetime to experience heavy sound in low price.",Home Theathre,106
31220,4,Excellent sound and bass is good,Home Theathre,32
31221,3,Bad 👎products,Home Theathre,13
31222,5,Super sound,Home Theathre,11
31223,5,Overall good product in this price.,Home Theathre,35
31224,4,Very good quality and bass,Home Theathre,26
31225,5,Very very low quality packing not good waste money,Home Theathre,50
31226,5,This product quality is very good......,Home Theathre,39
31227,1,Sound quality is Ok but sound intensity is not as much as expected and a main disadvantage is Aux mode is set as default.,Home Theathre,121
31228,5,Not good product don’t buying it,Home Theathre,32
31229,5,Sound is not getting so.loud as i expect,Home Theathre,40
31230,1,𝘷𝘦𝘳𝘺 𝘨𝘰𝘰𝘥 𝘱𝘳𝘰𝘥𝘶𝘤𝘵,Home Theathre,17
31231,4,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31232,4,Sound is very low. Not as accepted sounds. Small room its better to buy. Low sound is disappointed.,Home Theathre,99
31233,5,Sound is very less even for small room,Home Theathre,38
31234,1,Boltly sounds,Home Theathre,13
31235,4,Not working properly fault product send to me,Home Theathre,45
31236,3,Very very nice product 👍,Home Theathre,24
31237,1,"Nice bass, awesome sound",Home Theathre,24
31238,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
31239,4,No good,Home Theathre,7
31240,4,All over good at this price range,Home Theathre,33
31241,3,nice and better product to buy,Home Theathre,30
31242,3,Nice sound quality in very reasonable price,Home Theathre,43
31243,5,Worst sound quality don't buy friend,Home Theathre,36
31244,1,Varry nice,Home Theathre,10
31245,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31246,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
31247,4,Money worsted,Home Theathre,13
31248,1,Nice as price,Home Theathre,13
31249,3,Good,Home Theathre,4
31250,5,Wonderful product from Flipkart Fastest delevery Excellent....,Home Theathre,62
31251,5,Third class packing,Home Theathre,19
31252,1,Poor sound quality,Home Theathre,18
31253,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31254,5,Bad,Home Theathre,3
31255,4,all good as per money..,Home Theathre,23
31256,2,Nice product osm sound quality good bass the sound monster,Home Theathre,58
31257,4,Product is good,Home Theathre,15
31258,4,Best product this price,Home Theathre,23
31259,5,Not bad,Home Theathre,7
31260,1,"Waste product sending flipkart don't by this product,sound quality very slow and speaker not working, remote not in the package Im 1000 times telling Waste product",Home Theathre,163
31261,1,Yaa good no problem take it thank you flip kart keep it up. ।।,Home Theathre,62
31262,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
31263,3,Design was good but sound quality is not awesome,Home Theathre,48
31264,5,Nice,Home Theathre,4
31265,5,Nice product and it has nice sound quality. Its design is also good.👍👍,Home Theathre,70
31266,4,"Sound ,bass,all things are really suparb for me it's really comfortable...right money ...👌👌👌🎂",Home Theathre,93
31267,5,Nice product,Home Theathre,12
31268,5,One of the best home theater at this price you can purchase it if you are fond of music and want to spend less,Home Theathre,110
31269,1,Nice one.... Every penny worthy.,Home Theathre,32
31270,5,very good,Home Theathre,9
31271,5,Dont waste money on this product.,Home Theathre,33
31272,3,Excellent product really nice bass nice sounds,Home Theathre,46
31273,4,Best in the price range,Home Theathre,23
31274,5,"The Sound is very loud and good only when it's connected to Bluetooth, otherwise it's decent when connected to 3.5mm jack. Radio does not work properly in high internet areas or near to the WiFi. Otherwise Product is good.",Home Theathre,222
31275,5,Nice device,Home Theathre,11
31276,4,Good at this budget.. sound doesn't destort at full volume. Good choice for music lovers 💓,Home Theathre,90
31277,5,comfortable for 1 room very nice bass & clear audio thanks flipkart but i pirchase 2400 & next day prica down 2200,Home Theathre,114
31278,4,Value of the cost,Home Theathre,17
31279,5,Super,Home Theathre,5
31280,1,Nice product super sound quality,Home Theathre,32
31281,5,Good Product,Home Theathre,12
31282,4,Very good,Home Theathre,9
31283,4,I am writing this review after 2 months of purchase and use. My observations and suggestions: Bluetooth connectivity with TV ia not avai ale only mobile phone an be connected. sound is not very laud just OK OK Bass is average there is a blue blinking anno light in the front which blinks all the times and cannot turnded off,Home Theathre,324
31284,5,Very,Home Theathre,4
31285,4,Good one with decent sound,Home Theathre,26
31286,5,Nice 👌,Home Theathre,6
31287,5,Nice sound👍,Home Theathre,11
31288,5,NYC,Home Theathre,3
31289,5,Must buy it ...,Home Theathre,15
31290,5,Bad experience.... There is no remote with it....,Home Theathre,49
31291,5,"Smooth sound quality,hard bass & simple design",Home Theathre,46
31292,3,Nice for home use not much loud but ok for 13×12 hall.,Home Theathre,54
31293,5,Bed quality,Home Theathre,11
31294,5,Nice....,Home Theathre,8
31295,5,Awesome product and good quality..,Home Theathre,34
31296,4,Excellent Product,Home Theathre,17
31297,3,It's just okay. Not good enough.,Home Theathre,32
31298,5,sound quality and performance very poor,Home Theathre,39
31299,1,Good,Home Theathre,4
31300,1,Value For Money.,Home Theathre,16
31301,5,After use of 6 months Sound is loud and perfect speaker for room...you play all type of music and play good,Home Theathre,107
31302,1,Super,Home Theathre,5
31303,5,Just nice,Home Theathre,9
31304,4,Just ok,Home Theathre,7
31305,5,That's great,Home Theathre,12
31306,3,Bass not good,Home Theathre,13
31307,2,Average not good,Home Theathre,16
31308,5,One speaker not working.Average base and sound quality.,Home Theathre,55
31309,4,I like it,Home Theathre,9
31310,5,Volume is best and speaker base is best awesome performance and 1 year Ho not koi problem,Home Theathre,89
31311,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31312,5,Good,Home Theathre,4
31313,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
31314,5,Super product,Home Theathre,13
31315,3,Good sound quality,Home Theathre,18
31316,3,Best sound quality 😁😁🙏😁😁,Home Theathre,24
31317,3,Good product...worth for price...the bass is not so good but for this price range the product is just awesome..,Home Theathre,111
31318,5,Damaged product and one speaker not working and i complaint many times for replacement but still i am waiting last 20 days . Flipkart not working on my complain they only said we working on it but nothing do . Dont buy it,Home Theathre,221
31319,4,Good at this price,Home Theathre,18
31320,5,So nice,Home Theathre,7
31321,4,Don't meet expectations sound quality is so low,Home Theathre,47
31322,4,Good,Home Theathre,4
31323,5,They dnt give me exacat one and also the remotes also broken and iam so sad for it.,Home Theathre,83
31324,4,Bass superb but sound is low,Home Theathre,28
31325,4,Very very bad prodect,Home Theathre,21
31326,5,"First of all, an awesome product. Super packaging from Flipkart. Delivered on time. No faults anywhere. Worked smoothly from the get-go. If you are looking for a budget router its your pick. Pros - Price is good + 3 years of warranty. - Easy to use. - I have used it without turning it off for 1 month, working treat. - Quality is great + you can use it for months without turning it off. - WiFi range is 170 meters, which is decent but not recommended for huge houses. - I live in a apartment 4...",Home Theathre,498
31327,1,"*********EDIT: Today is 8th March 2015, more than two years and it is still working fine, as it should be. Not a single issue.******** Have an internet connection at home and yet wondering how to connect those wi-fi gadgets to the world wide web? Well....the solution is here. Just take out the ethernet cable(RJ-45) from your PC, plug it to the 'blue' slot of this little 'value for money' device, and voila...you are done.  Your home will become one of those 'elite' wi-fi hot spots! And neve...",Home Theathre,497
31328,4,"I Used this Router for 30 days, Really worth for buying, easy Configuration & compatible with All ISP. I could have given 5 star, since the Coverage is really low, so I have given 4 Star. If you have Wall, you will be getting only 2 or 3 signals. if you are happy with that, you can go for that. Except the range issue, this is the best N300 series router to start with. Don't think about NetGear, it is really a piece of Junk, Netgear has to learn a lot from TP-Link.",Home Theathre,468
31329,4,"Okay, so... my review of this router is going to based upon what I used to use, the ""Belkin wireless g router"" and what I expected of this router in terms of the price difference and its competitors which fall within the same league (n-300 routers)  Pros - - If you are a nut for specs, yes its got all the bells and whistles like the dual 5dbi antanae's, a good amount of RAM and all that kind of stuff. - The Stock firmware has alot to offer. - Super easy to set up. - A good looking, somewhat ...",Home Theathre,499
31330,2,"Excellent service and great buying experience from Flipkart.  I bought this router specifically to install and run the DD-WRT firmware and will focus on that aspect in my review.  This model is TL-WR841N v7.2 and is compatible with DD-WRT (the model on the DD-WRT website you need to look for TL-WR841ND v7.0; the ""D"" suffix just means the antennas are detachable in that variant and hardware-wise there is no difference between v7.0 and v7.2)  While multiple firmware options are available for Br...",Home Theathre,500
31331,5,"I bought this product on 25/05/2012 at 11.30 am and received it on 26/05/2012 at 11 am, in less that 24 hours. That's really fantastic effort from Flipkart. Now about the product, it is of very good build quality and connections are very easy. I initially had very tough time to install with my internet service provider as it was not accepting username and password. I then called up this products service center as well as my internet service provider. The problem was with internet service prov...",Home Theathre,500
31332,1,"After careful consideration of similar prodcuts based on reading reviews on FK, i purchased this Router. It arrived ahead of schedule & the installation was a breeze. I am an ACT user, so i use FFTH. The router works great & the signal never drops. I use it in a small 2 BHK apartment (1415 sqft) & it works fine. The mobiles & ipad are connected on Wi-Fi. THe desktop is plugged in to the Router via LAN cable. Based on my research, it did not seem necessary to go for a 300Mbps router, which sho...",Home Theathre,500
31333,5,"I purchased this only to increase my wifi distance range and it perfectly met all my requirements. I get 2 stick signal strength after crossing 3 walls and about 50 metre distance.  Wonderful product, I recommend to everyone who want high speed networking and high range networking at the lowest price.  Flipkart - as usual are the best (genuine product, fast delivery)...!!",Home Theathre,374
31334,1,"A budget router, with 5dbi antenna...what more could be said about it. I received this product today, and setting it up was very easy on a Linux machine. Took me 2 minutes to set it up to work with both my MTNL ADSL Modem, and my Tikona connection. There are a lot of useful features already, plus custom DD-WRT firmware for this model are also available. I'm hoping to try them as well soon.  I've been facing one issue so far, which is not really a big issue. My previous router used to forward ...",Home Theathre,500
31335,5,"It is really great product and customer support is also very very good. After installing it with the BSNL broadband Yahoo and espn cricinfo web pages were not opening. but with the simple solutin provided by the CS is resolved this issue. Please follow the below steps. Go to tplink login page and use admin as username and password. Click WAN->Advanced->change MTU size from 1480 to 576. Go to status, click disconnect and connect it again. Enjoy your surfing.",Router,461
31336,5,A bit too late to write a review I guess.. Bought this router in December 2013... It's may 2018 and still working like a charm.. No drop in speed.. And is still the same little reliable router... In short.. A great product people.. Go for it..,Router,243
31337,4,Still now this router works very well nd its range nd quality is also very good... Tp-link 841N is a very good router i bought this after discussing with lots of people's nd service provider...you can go for Tp-link.,Router,216
31338,4,fast delivery..... excellent product to use in house and office purpose...mainly its cover short area....overall it's well enough for use in mess and house and also for office purpose....,Router,187
31339,5,"My review after using it for a year. 2016 Dec  Pros - Price is good + 3 years of warranty. - Easy to use. - I have used it without turning it off for 1 month, working treat. - Quality is great + you can use it for months without turning it off. - wifi range is 170 meters, which is decent but not recommended for huge houses. - I live in a apartment 4th floor and the range reaches on street as well.  Cons - I did not even find one con in it.  Overall, I did the right thing in buying it. Thumb...",Router,498
31340,5,"Today i got this TP-LINK TL-WR740N 150Mbps Wireless N Router. which i had ordered on flipkart a day back. All thanks to flipkart for that.  i am using a cable modem (hathway) and i wanted a wireless bridge to my laptop and mobile phone.  so after all the internet research and reading a few reviews on flipkart ,i choose to buy this router.  coming to the product now. i got it today morning with fully wrapped with flipkart cover and a layer of bubble wrap inside. after opening the box make sure...",Router,500
31341,5,"Amazing product , belive me small nice but powerful , more powerful than Dlink dir 841. It doesnt fall down and hava a great coverup capability.",Router,144
31342,5,"Hi,  I bought this router three weeks ago. Flip-kart as usual delivered it on time. Hats off to Flip-kart!  [1] About the product installation: -------------------------------------------- This is a router ONLY product. This means you should have a wired internet connection (a modem) before using this router. Now plug in the Ethernet cable to the Wi-Fi router (blue slot) and your home is Wi-Fi enabled. The product ships with a disc that contains the configuration application. I did not instal...",Router,500
31343,5,"Flipkart thanks for delivering with 2 days u guys rock !!!!  the router is amazing you find range in every nook and corner of the house forget the walls door people this router works ....I never hear of the brand TP-Link till my local cable guy recommended this name first and than told me to consider the other brands like cisco belkin , iball etc ...  guys trust my word i took 6 hours of my life checking reviews on flipkart from other users andi came to a conclusion I would buy this ...I was ...",Router,500
31344,5,"A good buy for Rs 899. The product got delivered within 1day (18hours to be exact). I am using the product now for 3days and its giving proper service, the Range of wifi provided is sufficient for 3room flat. The speed is also good, in ky 60MBPS plan i am getting 60MBPS. No loss of speed due to useage of the wifi is incurred. Easy setup procedure, you can setup by yourself with the setup guide provided along with the product.",Router,429
31345,5,"Well using this for 10days. Performance wise great. Size is compact so just keep it anywhere and it will not fail you. I got it for 899 on sale and in this price point this is a great router. Now, in my location there is very less interference with other signals. My net speed is 65Mbps via wire but the wifi gives a speed of around 62-64Mbps. But if u live in a area where there are many router then I will suggest go for the dual channel router. Price wise this router is awesome.",Router,482
31346,5,"Awesome TP-Link  My old iball Router retired after 3 Years. After much hesitation, I ordered this product for my small home.  So far, it is good. I receive an OK signal on my roof and strong signal in two bedrooms and one guest room.  Its interface and UI are reliable and useful. Let us see how this one goes.",Router,310
31347,5,"If you are looking for a basic home wifi router, this is it!!! Just stop searching any other router and order for this. This is an award winning router from Digit Magazine as a top budget router.  Moreover it's a DD-WRT compatible router. So, if you're a geek like me, you can always flash DD-WRT firmware on it to make it work like a Rs.10000 router!!! Got my router in 2 days, and I flashed DD-WRT on it after 3 days. It's working flawlessly.  The default firmware is also very good and very us...",Router,499
31348,5,"Very happy with the product and so much satisfied with the delivery.. But only one thing I would like to draw attention on, there is absolutely no packing, only received the Wi-Fi box. There was no bubble wrap or any Protection. So flipkart I request you to take care of this matter as the products can be badly damaged during the transit. Please flipkart take this matter in you kind consideration or otherwise buyers may get defective products which will lead to only dissapointment and custo...",Router,497
31349,5,Its a good product to have along with your ISP modem. I use Ubuntu so didn't use the installation CD. Sometimes I think the signal trasmitted thru the router is very week if we try to use the laptop from other room.  Overall good to have product considering the price range!  And thanks Flipkart for great service.,Router,314
31350,5,"1. Flipkart Delivery : 5/5 (ordered on 19th March and received 21st Morning) 2. Signal Strength : 5/5 ( I have 3 BHK 1800 sqft and i get full signal in every corner) 3. Router Built : 4/5 (material can be better, size is quite small and efficient) 4. Features : 5/5 (additionally this is DD WRT compatible, means u can replace firmware) 5. Router Configuration : 5/5 (Both CD wizard and manual 192.168.0.1 works) 6. Web Support : 5/5 tp-link(dot)com 7. After Sales Service : 3 years warranty (do...",Router,498
31351,5,this is good router. good range . covers my 2bhk completely with excellent signal .doesnt get heated up . u may increase the wifi range ( increases gain from 5db to 9db approx) by adding windsurfer parabola antennae which can be made at home easily... Worth the money ...,Router,271
31352,5,"Very good internet connectivity and coverage is also good after my broadband connection I am happy to use it, TP Link router quality is very nice, connect more than one device PC, laptop, mobile etc. I got very fair enough upload and download speed from my Internet Service provider through this router.",Router,303
31353,5,Brought it way back in 2015...used it for a couple of years...the experience was satisfactory if not great... however..the introduction of fiber optic broadband has increased the relevancy of this device... Nowadays I'm using it with Alliance Fiber Net Broadband and the device works excellently well..I can easily stream on 6 to 7 devices without any buffering...its range is also great...even if you have a 3BHK...you can go for it..overall a fantastic product,Router,462
31354,5,PRODUCT IS GOOD AND THE SIGNAL IS GOOD TO NEARER WIFI DEVICE AND SPPED IS ALSO UP TO THE MARK AND WHEN WE MOVE LITTLE FAR AWAY TO OTHER ROOM SIGNAL BECOMES WEAK. I CAN SAY IT GOOD TO SMALL OFFICE ABOUT 400SQ FT AND SMALL HOUSE ..NOT. FOR BIG OFFFICE.BEST PRICE IN THIS RANGE. AND I ALWAYS BUY TP LINK.,Router,301
31355,5,"I ordered this product about 2-3 months ago. I live in Pune and ordered this router at 3:30 pm. It was shipped by WSRetail from Mumbai and delivered next day at 2:30pm, within 24 hours. This router is working great till now. I am using this along with Tikona's Internet. It is very very easy to configure. Most of the times you just have to hit next. Only change I had to make was, cloning the MAC id of my PC so that Tikona will recognize this router as my PC and continue providing Internet. Res...",Router,500
31356,5,"Got this a few days back from Flipkart. Good product !! Do not want to comment on how fast it was at my doorstep, as its expected from Flipkart now !  The product is great for the price I paid for it. Cheap plastic body. But build looks sturdy.  Setup was a breeze. Connected two cables as per the install book, logged in with the web interface, Quick setup, cloned pc mac, restart everything and internet connected ! P.S. the cd supplied is totally useless. Just use the web interface to setup. ...",Router,499
31357,5,"Pros: Cheap. Easy to set up and use. Straight forward router. Only ever had to RMA one as it was a victim of a lightning strike.  Cons: None.  Wireless N 150Mbps and Wired 100Mbps rates are fine for simple networks in homes or small offices not requiring super fast and high data transfer rates.  If you move BIG chunks of data daily , you'll want something else.",Router,363
31358,4,"My experience for the product is really bad. There is a tremendous connectivity issue and the also the signal strength issue. Also the support the PPPoE is not provided really good. I guess instead of buying this one, the better option would be taking the SMC 14BR-NS which is in the same price range and more advanced option and tremendous connectivity area and no signal isse. It is smaller than this and has better support.  So, for my side this product is not worth buying there are products...",Router,498
31359,5,"2 months since I purchased this router, I was using Tenda N301 before whose interface was quite user friendly. And the TP link router interface is just a bit complex taking the no of features which are available in the router. Go for it if you want good download speeds. Edit:TP link Archer Router is a bit better when compared with this router.",Router,345
31360,5,one of the most trusted and easy and fastest Router at this price range. everyone just go for it without worrying.,Router,114
31361,5,is really great product and customer support is also very very good My first reaction was how can a router with 5 db gain be available for the cheapest price. There has to be some catch. Almost ordered a different router with 2 antennas each of 2 db gain because of price. Finally settled on this to give it a try. And was wowed. There is nothing missing. Have complete coverage for over two floors(over 3200 sq. ft) across 6 rooms.,Router,432
31362,5,"Worth every penny I paid. Bought this for my parents at home. They didn't want to be using WiFi at first as they were not tech savvy and were mostly using internet via normal mobile prepaid connections.  They now enjoy skype, whatsapp calls and other features.  Range of the product is pretty decent. It covers most of the the 1200 sqft, double floors.",Router,352
31363,4,"A great product for the price, easy to setup and easy to use. As usual, Flipkart's packaging and delivery was great as usual. The only downside to the product is its looks. The WiFi Antenna is too bulky, like those old Indicom Walky/Reliance style phones. Apart from that, the product works great. The range is also decent compared to other products I've used(I was able to use my mobile connected to WiFi downstairs, while the router was on the first floor), but signal strength then, is bare min...",Router,500
31364,4,"This is a good router for the price offered; however be prepared for a service nightmare if something has to go wrong. Let me give you a brief of my incident. My router arrived within the time suggested by Flipkart; hoever did not seem to work. I had read reviews on how setting up this particular router may be cumbersome, so I tried and retried configuring it to work. I also got the ISP technician to have a look at the problem but they could not. I called up the TP Link customer care and expl...",Router,500
31365,5,This is my second purchase from Flipcart and As usual good service from Flipcart... verygood delivery time.. n shipment tracking system is really impressive. it gives usful updates...  About Product. Its Verry good product for prise. U dont get anyother router at this prise. for 150N u have to pay around 1500. Just addition of 200bugs u get double speed...worth going for it... to get basic router of other company u have to pay min 2200 2300. ya n it comes with 3yrs warranty... Good for home u...,Router,500
31366,5,"First of all the box contains the following i.e TL-WR740N-150Mbps Wireless N Router, Power Adapter, Quick Start Guide, Support CD (User Manual and Utility Softwares) and also a cable that connects your pc to the router.  When I thought to buy this router and when I came through the reviews I felt a bit confused.But now I am using this router I am quite happy to use it.  Some people who reviewed about this product said that it is getting overheated,lack of signal and regular disconnection et...",Router,498
31367,1,The best range. Even at this price its range is just flawless like any high end router would provide. The speed is awsome. And it has a simple U.I that even a 5 year old wont have any problems with. setup was a breeze...it will hardly take half a min to setup.....Dont think....take it,Router,285
31368,3,Well this TP-LINK TL-WR740N router is a good purchase @ the very good price offered @ flipkart.  RATING: 5/5  REASONS:  1. My purpose solved as i wanted a router which is sufficient enough for me to cater to my 800sq.ft house. 90% signal strength at the farthest corner of my house.  2. Price very affordable for all those who wish to go wireless internet.  3. Setup easy as provided in the manual. 2 options to setup thru CD being provided & thru manual setup @ tplinklogin.net. I did it manually...,Router,500
31369,5,I was using D-Link N150L router and i was getting decent wifi range... it has 1 antenna and i was getting 2-3/4 signal on my 1st floor.. and i was not satisfied so decided to buy this router..  Trust me there's no compression between TP-Link & D-Link... D-Link is way better than this..  after buying this router i'm getting 2/4 signal on my 1st floor (from D-Link i'm getting much better than this with 1 antenna)... I hv 10mbps internet connection.. and with this connection i am getting 300-40...,Router,499
31370,5,"I use cable broadband in Kolkata, they provide you with a CAT5 cable with a RJ-45 jack that directly goes into your LAN Port.and wanted to share my internet connection throughout the house, so i got this router instead of the one with a single antenna just to get the extra coverage. I cannot believe i was able to grab this for just Rs 1425 6 days ago, for some reason the price has shot up since.  Although it is one of the cheapest router out there, it certainly isn't low on the performance. S...",Router,500
31371,5,"Earlier this month I went through the reviews & ratings of this TP-Link TL-WR841N and purchased it like others. But, when I started using it I experienced that my friends iball router iBall 300M MIMO Wireless-N Router - iB-WRB300N has much more range & stability than my TP-Link. My Friend stays on same building & on same 1st floor. I thought that it could be because of place of installation due to which he is getting higher range but when I placed my TP-Link beside his & tested it with variou...",Router,500
31372,4,good wi-fi signal...with super look.......easy to set it any where....with help of this product ...i made my home....wi-fi home.....like wi-fi city....i user internet any where in my house.......due to super wi-fi signal....i can use internet at my garden also.....so why you waiting.....first....and buy TP-link router and make your's super first.....moden...wi-fi house........hurry.......,Router,391
31373,3,Got this product way back nearly 2 years ago from flipkart Very good wifi range for about 500-600sqft But i would suggest go for the product tp link with 2 antenna as it is to be bought for good range as well as connectivity  I regret not buying the one with 2 antennas  So you know what to do now..! Hope this helps,Router,316
31374,5,I recently changed internet connection from BSNL(DSL line) to ACT fibernet and so I had to change the Cisco's Modem+Router. I read a lot of reviews about this one and TP-Link TD-W8968 (all-in-one) router. This one clearly stood above the latter one because of its simplicity and serves the purpose of wireless routing the best. I would highly recommend it for WAN users. If I face any problems I will update the comment. Till then happy routing.,Router,445
31375,5,"First of all let me be clear, this is the BEST Router you can buy within 1500 rupees. It has dual-antennas and supports 300mbps. The basic setup is a breeze and I was running within 2 minutes. The router supports DWRT firmware but since I have not used it, I cannot comment about that. As far as security is concerned, it supports WPA 2, SPI firewall and NAT. Also to get the most protection, I would recommend you to change the default username and password. So far in the 2 months of usage, I ha...",Router,500
31376,5,"It looks nice. The antenna feel soft but not fragile. There is no power on-off button or wifi on-off button, however reset button is present. The LEDs are dim and does not distract or overshines. 1 WAN and 4 LAN ports are present. It gives a 4 wire 10/100 ethernet connector wire of 3-4 ft. Does job wonderfully. Alliance broadband gives optical connection which if connected directly to cpu from ONU is 70-75 Mbps. Through this router I get same speed via ethernet. I get 40 Mbps via wifi when t...",Router,499
31377,5,After using for 3 months ... I would say go for it .. it's already a brand in routers and it has done his work for no complaints and still working 24 hours .. Thanks Flipkart .. Has I always trust buying from Flipkart ... With good Quality products..,Router,250
31378,3,"Really amazing, best performance and I think a beginner with home wifi should go for this one. Price is amazing and product is great to use without any difficulties. Easy setup, and Speed of this product works fine but not as fast as told. I used 50mbps+ connection at home and this product was showing around 55mbps+. Not much speed to expect but yes works really well with wifi without any trouble and at least one would get exact speed.",Router,439
31379,5,my internet connection at 1st floor.earlier I have used dlink and I got good coverage on 1st floor and decent coverage on ground floor.dlink stop working after 4.5 years of service. This time tried tplink. guest feature is very good.set up also easy.only thing I am facing issue is with coverage on ground floor.other wise good product at this price,Router,349
31380,1,"Great product at such an amazing price, I set it up in the 1st floor and am getting it's range in the 2nd floor as well as the basement.",Router,136
31381,5,"As usually fast delivery, polite delivery executive.  The product is in good shape, working fine till now.  Only problem lies in Support of WAN slot, which only detect RJ45 cables but not normal Ethernet ones. You will be required to have a switch to relay the connection by RJ45 into router in order it to get detected.",Router,320
31382,3,The Product is very nice and has good signal strength and Best for ysing as Wireless Extender and Hotspots... Very Nice product and Good quality... Thankyou Flipkart,Router,165
31383,5,"Great product from TP link. Note that it will only support 50Mbps speed on wifi. As 300 Mbps, support only when , if u use lab cable.  But 50Mbps is more than enough, if u have taken internet plan in this range go for it. But if your internet provider, provide you more than 75Mbps then this will only route 50 Mbps.",Router,316
31384,5,It is the best router within this price range. I am using it from last 1n half year and it is working fabulously with a great speed.. without having any 2nd thought go for it..,Router,176
31385,5,"I have been using this router for the last week. An awesome product, this router has a real wide range. Three devices are running simultaneously, streaming seamless video. Runs well on Hathaway (Alliance broadband in Kolkata). The installation was easy. The only complaint is, the product is not as hardy as some other routers in the price band. Verdict: Worth every penny. Go for it.",Router,384
31386,5,Nice product and very easy to configure and use. The signal strength is also good across 2 floors. Overall good product.,Router,120
31387,5,"I would simply start off with some good things I noticed:- 1. Range is 35metres+ radially. So that is pretty good for, let's see, a 1700 sq.ft floor and one floor above it and one below. 2. Speed at lowest signal strength is somewhat 11Mbps. Highest I got was 176Mbps, but that maybe higher cause I don't posses much high end WiFi-enabled devices. 3. DD-WRT support. 4. Oh. I keep it running for days at a stretch, and, believe me, it's been a week or so. No heating.  Now the only con I could mak...",Router,500
31388,4,Just got it delivered by flipkart guys. Installation process is very easy. Thank you for delivering it in time & in proper condition...! This is awesome! :) N.B. : Thank for the bubble wrapper also! :D,Router,201
31389,5,Previously went for a premiun Netgear Netgear JNR3210 N300 Wireless Gigabit Router which doesnt work as required using static ip. Purchased this and it worked like a charm.  Setup is simple and works as intended. Great VFM.,Router,223
31390,5,"I have been using a couple of routers from TP Link and I must tell you, it is one of the best that I have come across. TP Link has exceeded expectations everytime I counted for.  This little router does everything you look for in an Ethernet Wireless router. Very good range, covers my 2bhk apartment easily.  Worth buying this device",Router,334
31391,5,"I have browsed through many different forums and websites and finally zeroed down with this product. I would say, it is indeed a very nice product and took me only few minutes to setup my wireless connection (done it manually though)...the signal strength is also very good (for a 2BHK house) ...But I would like to mention one problem that I faced...while connecting to this router from a Windows 8.1 system the wifi was getting dropped and it was also disconnecting all the connected devices (Wi...",Router,500
31392,5,"This is a good product for following reasons: 1. The installation and configuration is very simple. 2. Wifi strength is very good and covers all 3 floors of my house.  However, many times it does not support internet & needs resets frequently.",Router,243
31393,5,"This is an amazing product. For its price value, it sits at a very sweet VFM spot. The build quality is decent. Although the resource CD didn't work for me, setting it up through web browser admin page is way easier. I was able to set the modem up with WPA security in like 4-5 mins. I even played with advanced features like DHCP configuration, port forwarding, firewall management etc which an ease using the web admin page.  Seriously, this is a serious product for business from the stable of...",Router,499
31394,5,It is very goodproduct. I am satisfied with its service. Some times when work load increases the hanging out is refreshed just by rebooting. I am using it securely for Last Year randomly. I got it is very much low price wrt. other retailers. Thank You Flipkart.,Router,261
31395,5,"pros: *suffiecient range. I got covered for a double bed room through 2 thick walls and still got 3 points signal *durability. no issues for 6 months of use *light weight *handled up to 10 laptops without any problems *easy setup is really easy for new users  cons: *speed is limited to maximum 4 MBps bandwidth (uplink downlink). So if you are making data share between 2 PC , then remaining PC l get poor ping and poor speed.  Bottom line:- Prefer this for wireless data sharing across various ...",Router,499
31396,5,"I ordered this router on 30 November 2013 evening and today that is 1 Dec 2013, Sunday i got the delivery. I wasn't expecting the delivery on Sunday as the ETA given to me was 4th Dec. I am delighted to receive this product so quickly. Thanx a ton to Flipkart for this fast delivery.  Now about router. This is best router for the price at which it comes. Other routers of other companies like D-Link and Netgear which have the same specs as this router cost atleast Rs. 500/- more.  My flat is on...",Router,500
31397,5,"Great for Home /Office use. Easy set up, very good speed and reliable connection also. Perfect for this price range.  Cons: Antennas are not detachable",Router,151
31398,5,I have been using this for past 4 months now and can surely say that i am satisfied with its performance.  NOTES:  If you need all rooms coverage (2.5 or 3 BHK) with 4-5 bars then place it in a central area from where separation between any two rooms is just one wall. (With more than one wall separation there is a signal drop..however with some adjustment in your device position in such room...you can view youtube videos even with one bar :))  1. 5 dBI antenna..powerful. 2. WPA2 secure 3. WD...,Router,499
31399,5,I purchased this product just because it was cheapest one available coz i thought that if it doesn't work then atleast it wont burn a hole in my pocket!! Also most of the reviews were speaking about the goodness.  First things first... I use BSNL ADSL modem with TCP/IP settings set to 'Obtain IP address automatically' mode. This actually caused a lot of trouble setting up the router. All those connecting this router need to actually put TCP/IP settings manually (could be its a one odd case f...,Router,499
31400,5,"This beastly router is all you'll need to solve your connectivity problems through wooden shelves, concrete walls, another layer of wooden shelves, and then yet another layer of concrete walls.  1. Extremely good signal strength even at long range, and with obstruction. This gave me 3 bars of signal power even after abovementioned obstructions.  2. I use this product under very high stresses. It is kept on 24x7, and transmits all day, and night. After 2 months of usage, no drop in performance...",Router,500
31401,3,"I purchased ""TP-LINK TL-WR740N 150Mbps Wireless N Router"" Last week... This product is very nice and installation is very easy...  Even when earlier I talked with 'Hathway Broadband' technical support, they infiormed that I will require to call them to release Wan-Mac ID while configuring my Router... However, when I actually installed and configured this router... (i.e. just clicking 'Next' every time...) it startaed working and I was able to use wi-fi on my laptop and 2 mobiles at the same ...",Router,500
31402,5,"after much R&D i finalized the product and ordered. to my surprise it is really working well. range is also very good. this router has made me mobile within home. now i am using other rooms as well in my house. the price and featurestracted me to buy this. i have become a fan of flipkart services, best services by flipkart, keep it up. it has really set the standards for others. shopping experience has become pleasant. so far no cons i observed, installation is simple and smooth",Router,483
31403,5,"Good Value per money. If this wi-fi is connecting at speed less than 150Mbps (72mbps or 65mbps or less) then go to status of Wireless Network Connection > Click on Properties > select Client for Microsoft Windows > click on configure > go to Advanced tab > select option ""802.11n Channel Width for band 2.4"" > set the valute to Auto instead of 20 MHZ  It will restart the connection and now your wi-fi will be connected at 150Mbps every time.",Router,442
31404,5,"better than the last D-link and cisco wifi routers I've used, Shipped to me on the 3rd day and I didn't even have to run the installation CD to configure with my Airtel connection via beetel DSL modem.  Still if you need to configure you can use the CD ( easy ) and if you want to go all technical go to the configuring page by typing 192.168.0.1 on your web browser. User name : admin Password : admin  Do not change any settings if you don't know what are you doing :)",Router,470
31405,5,"Alright, first of all the packing was very good !!! and delivery time was average for me. Secondly the product is just perfect, i have used it for 2 weeks no sort of disconnection in any device, unless u disconnect it by urself (i have 1 laptop & 2 phones connected simultaneously). Now coming to the signal strength my house is of 3000sq.ft with two floors and believe me it cover all my house as well as the signal spread out of my house about 20sq.ft from two sides of my house!!!. As i have a...",Router,499
31406,5,"Basically, I bought this router to access wifi throughout my home... And it did the job perfectly... I get full signal strength in the room where it is kept, Medium strength in the kitchen and the lobby(across 2 walls) connecting the rooms, Medium to low strength in the drawing room(across 4 walls) which is usable and fine for me...  All in all, great product and awesome service by flipkart....",Router,397
31407,3,"Without a doubt, the best possible piece of machine for your computer. It has excellent speed and doesn't lag at all. A 10/10 for looks performance and effectiveness. Super Strongly Recommended !!",Router,196
31408,5,"I bought these seeing the reviews here, its a really good router, doea not drop connection, has more features than similar models, but some of the reviews mentioning here that it covers ""8-9 rooms"" or ""upto 100 meters out on road"", I don't know what they perceive WiFi signal strength as. I found the range to be as good as the similarly priced models( ie Asus RT-N10, Belkin N150). Other than that its a solid router, worth recommending",Router,437
31409,5,"Firstly, Flipkart's delivery is amazing. I ordered it on Wednesday evening and the item was in front of my door on Friday noon. It was neatly packed and they ensured no damage. Coming to the product, it's really cool. The reviews helped me to go for this product without any hesitation. Configuration was simple, plug and play kind. The cd didn't really help me though but I was able to configure it using the site's web interface. Placed this in the first floor of my building and happily browsin...",Router,500
31410,4,"good router easy to install.. though wireless signal not very strong .. but can be used in two bedroom flat.. i am using one computer , three mobiles one tab and one ipod..  if you have cable broadband need to make sure that con ip address while installing and also need to select pppoe for ip address.. not dynamic..",Router,317
31411,5,"One of the finest product .Value for money. Fine quality, excellent build and nice package. Installation was just a child's play. Its super simple installation procedure is really good. Works like a charm Would recommend this for all newbie's who want to buy a Wifi Router.",Router,273
31412,5,I had DSL broadband internet connection with DSL router and wanted to share my connection with my another computer. I searched for routers for about a week and then I found TP LINK TL-WR740N 150Mbps Wireless N Router.  This has worked for me as I wanted. Now I can share my connection with my desktop and laptop simultaneously.  It has 4 RJ-45 ethernet ports so you can share your connection with cable with upto 4 computers and it has wireless also so you can share your connection on wireless wi...,Router,500
31413,5,"I must confess,the router is really good for those who wanna try wifi first time and dont wanna lose their network speeds.I bought this router on 06-10-12 and recieved it just after 4 days.Brilliantly packed and in best condition as can be.The router has a wide covering rage,and those who say it cannot signal to floors,Trust me,it can,I myself testing the connection range,and the signal strength was good on the ground floor,while my router was on the second! Brilliant speed,easy to configure...",Router,499
31414,5,"Received this router today. I think this is the best router available in the market for this price range. The signal strength is very high. And it is very easy to configure this with my laptop. Now I am using wi-fi in my laptop, cell phone and tablet. I am very much pleased with this product. I recommend this product.",Router,319
31415,5,pros: 1. it looks good. 2. easy installation 3. good range.. for me it is covering 2 floors 4. affordable price 5. no lag in speed 6. security option are good..  cons: till now you have not taken it! I WISH I COULD GIVE 6 STARS TO THIS AWESOME PRODUCT,Router,251
31416,5,"I have tested it for WiFi upto 30mtrs and its still in range, when put into barriers its range is 20+mtrs. For transfer rates its 4 Lan plus 4 Wan simultaneously plays 240p without much serious problem. When used for Server-Cloud config, its very easy and the OpenDNS works great with my 2MBPS unlimited line. My two friends could work over the server and Virtual PCs without any trouble. Same is good over Team Viewer. I have had trouble with my previous USB TP-LINK721 USB model and that was due...",Router,500
31417,4,"I bought this product from flipkart,and considering the price it pays the value of money.Easy to install on most cases although i had some troubles figuring out how to configure it with my BSNL ADSL modem,as some sites were not opening,then i had to reduce the MTU size from tplinklogin page,wan advanced tap and dial up again then everything worked like a charm!range is good and speed is optimal!ill definitely recommend this product for home use :D",Router,451
31418,5,"The router is pretty good.. i just got it installed and am using 2 laptops on it. Works like a charm so far. I had checked some reviews of this router both here and on the other sites and found good things being said about it. However there is one thing you need to watch out for...  During instillation using the quick setup in the cd provided with the router, something went wrong (even though i had followed the steps mentioned in the booklet) and my net got disconnected. I was getting a ""no ...",Router,499
31419,5,"Got stable connection after using this product. The router is kept at the penthouse of our building and i stay at the 2nd floor. The magic part is that i still get up to 4 bars of WiFi signal. Totally satisfied with the product and also ordered for my friends too. I used linksys as well as beetel routers but tp link defeated both. Took only few minutes to set up. More pros, no cons at all. Go for it guys.",Router,408
31420,5,"Hi Myself using this router for 2 weeks and I think it's giving nice coverage and good signal strength inside my 3 BHK flat....my all friends on different room getting nice signal...through 10 inch brick wall...best entry level router for home use... it's 4 LAN Port are also useful if your home desktop don't have a wireless card. It's best value for money... don't think twice if you want a entry level router with all 802.11 b/g/n .... why you waste 500 more bucks by going for belkin, Dlink o...",Router,499
31421,5,Iam using this product... *its good *connection procedure is simple... *gves a good wifi range... *doesn't gate heat up easily...  and ya as usual good service by flipkart....... go for it guys its a nice product with a reasonable price..,Router,238
31422,5,"THis router was delivered in 3 days and was very easy to seyup. Works fine without any issues at all. You also get an ehternet cable free which is great to have,especialy for setup. The router works great and I would recommend this router to anyone on a budget. It does the work of expensive routers easily. I have used it to connect to the internet from my desktop through a wireless adaptor and I get connected at 135mbps to 150 mbps!!!..great!",Router,446
31423,5,"This router TP Link-150 is amazing. Easy to configure. Has good signal strength througout my 2B flat. The transmission is good even after activating the WAP. My cell too can use WiFi without any issues. It is working well with my old SmartAX MT841 modem. Surely, worth for the money. This is my first purchase from Flipkart. They delivered within 48 hours. Superb service....",Router,375
31424,5,"+ I wanted a good router that would help me use my laptops, tablet and phones at home for browsing.  Everyone suggested more famous brands like Belkin and Netgear. But price was also a constraint for me. Heard and read a lot of positive reviews for this and so decided to go for it.  + Bought this router and updating this review on 25 Mar 2013. Has been almost a year and it has been wonderful. Setting up the router was fairly easy given that I am not a very tech-savvy person. Just had to fol...",Router,498
31425,5,"worked well for 7-8 months... after that issues after issues, every 15 days just another issue. Tp link support is really bad. What they do is....just share a blog and ask you to change the settings etc... They'll usually reply once in 24 hrs....if you are lucky, otherwise it can take more. The support is not even 24x7. Just 10am-7pm and not even that on Sundays.",Router,365
31426,4,"The router is good when it works properly..I was getting a good range in y 3 bHK apartmet everywhere but after every 3-4 days, it stops functioning and I had to reset the router. Now exactly after 1 month of buying this product, it has stopped working completely and I had to contact TP link customer care who told me the product may be defective and they will replace it. Lets see how long the new piece works because still I have not got it.  if that was within one month I could have got it rep...",Router,500
31427,4,"Review after using for 4 days. I will try and cover the most relevant features which concerns me (non techie) while choosing a router 1) Setup : Literally took 5 minutes to setup and have it running. I have previously used Asus and Netgear routers, each took about an hour to setup if not more, may be I was a novice back then. But the thing is I found the UI very non - techie friendly and it does comes with a very well illustrated Quick Setup guide. 2) Coverage : I live in a 1200 sqft apartme...",Router,499
31428,5,"Well I have used D-Link routers for my BSNL telephone broadband in past but this time I thought to change my choice as D-Link is bit costly, so I found TP Link as an alternate firstly I was confused but it's a superb device in less price. Installation is quick and simple. Device is working fine even I am using it 24/7.",Router,320
31429,4,After replacement this router is working fine.The speed is great and the range is good not excellent but good in this price. Even in one point signal I'm getting full 10Mbps speed. Big thumbs-up to this router. For 1100 rs it is best router.,Router,241
31430,5,"No dd-wrt support, so thats 1-star off for me, but that doest mean this twin horned device has an issue. It looks good, and does what it is supposed to. I use it as my primary router and have another d-link one horn, which I have configured as a switch/repeater. I live in a small apartment, and still I get only 1 bar 10 meters away (which is why the d-link had to be used). I was disappointed at first, but then I crosschecked with other routers, and same issue. The fact that 3-walls and two gl...",Router,500
31431,5,I have a 100 Mbps plan but am getting almost half of this with this router. i only get in between of 50-60 Mbps. If tried with direct LAN on LAPTOP then i get consistently around 90-95 Mbps. When u can pay around 1000 bucks for internet per month then better pay little more for good router. Don't go for this one.,Router,314
31432,5,Most of the reviews for this products boast about its range but I found out the range to be mediocre and nothing to cheer about. If you are looking for a router which can provide range beyond 3 walls then this product is not for you. PS: The router I have received has 8 led indicators. Some sites mention other version of this router has 9 LED indicators which has a better range. Even the product specs on Flipkart has mentioned 9 LED indicators but they are providing other version.,Router,485
31433,5,Got it in one day..Flipkart service is superb! N regarding the router...At this price you cant ask anything more. Range is good...getting signal on first floor as well as on terrace...i use a laptop and 2-3 phones and all works fine. Setup was also pretty easy. Am using Bsnl broadband connection.  Overall it is a pretty good router and worth its price!,Router,354
31434,2,"Hi Netizens,  I didn't buy this router from Flipkart since I got it 1000 Rs cheaper at a PC shop. I went for a low-priced yet reliable router. So after reading many reviews I felt TP-Link was the right choice to go for. I bought it in April-2013 and still in october it is working very smooth.  Did firmware upgrade recently. I am getting good speeds in my android mobile, but the range inside my flat is not reaching the last corners due to walls. I can catch signal outside on ground floor even...",Router,499
31435,2,Works like a charm.. Setup took 5 mins cause of Windows 8 Compatibility issues just say run in compatible mode for Windows 7 and all is sorted... Direct connection to my ACT optical fire net cable no modem nothing.. speed the almost same negligible loss.. finally can connect my phone to my home network the main reason I purchased this product.. Signal strength excellent. Flipkart service as always Par excellence... Keep it up!!,Router,431
31436,4,"Before buying this product, i used a Belkin N150(still using) with internal antenna and prior to that one, a cisco product. I am staying with my friends and kept the router(Belkin N150) on the floor above to share the internet. It is performing quite well because, we are getting a fair enough signal strenth in all the rooms. cisco one was also performing well (previous apartment, that also was kept on the floor above). Having had good experience with routers, i was thinking of buying a router...",Router,500
31437,4,Bought 2 numbers from Flipkart one after another (second one was setup as a bridge - WDS Mode) so that the range extends to two different 3 BHK flats on two floors diagonally opposite. Range is pretty good and that's why i bought 2nd one for bridging to extend good signal strength to other flat.  Works flawless and now planning to cancel one Broadband connection and save Rs 10k/year hopefully :),Router,398
31438,5,i already parchase it two month back and now it is time for review to help others as i also bought it after reading reviews on flipcart. i bought this product to use my wi fi i pad and really it works best with this router wi fi connection without interuption. even i can use it outside of my house without any disturbence.we hv duplex and i place my router on upper floor but i can use it on outside of my house on ground floor. it is reallynice product and u people can go for it without any ha...,Router,499
31439,4,"I ordered this router on monday and received this router on thursday. Connect the router to reliance modem .I follow the steps that are Given in installation CD and thats it.The internet worked perfectly .Those who are confused about reliance ID that are required for the internet connection.I want to tell that it is only required only one time and after that other devices like mobile ,laptop etc do not require that login id of reliance for login...",Router,452
31440,2,Built quality amd performance is good but the design of this not at all looks good. Did not expect the bad design concept from TP link.  It is with two antenna but works better in single floor only. You can go with this if want to use in single floor and design doesn't matter to you.,Router,284
31441,3,"this router is good for home usage... it's Wi-Fi range is amazing. signal quality is very good. I'm very far away from router (Installed in second floor and I'm at outside the building) and the signal range is near to 50 percent. This is best consumer product available in budget. Yes.. the guest mode and IPv6 is also available. I can schedule the guest mode hourly basis and for limited guests.  It can connect almost any device using WI-FI at home...   I got Version 14, which is the latest v...",Router,498
31442,4,It's nice to use and fast in startup.. Even it's wifi range is also very nice for area having 2bhk flat.,Router,104
31443,4,Excellent quality and works very well it's a budget router well bulid quality.,Router,78
31444,5,I am not happy with its performance.. It's not performing well due to its been automatically off and fluctuate so many times. Also it is not providing good network coverage. I gave 1 star Flipkart and Tp link both are look into this. You can't make us fool..,Router,258
31445,3,It's really a good thing with small price and it provides a good service to me. I am so grateful to get this thing.,Router,115
31446,4,very good and nice very good and nice I love this TP link thank you Flipkart,Router,76
31447,5,Looks decent and a good product indeed ! works very good covers pretty good area .,Router,82
31448,5,"Good product from tplink. Wifi range is good. Guest mode & parental mode, bandwidth control options are present. Overall worth buying. UI is better than dlink.",Router,159
31449,3,I have been using this Router more than 3 years now and it worked well . i would highly recommend to buy this product. This router is in budget and work soomth. Had buy this product for 1000 rs and it Worth.,Router,207
31450,5,Good and strong but range of the wifi connection is not upto mark. overall a nice product by TP-LINK. Thanks,Router,108
31451,4,Delivered next day....Earlier TP LINK model which i had a single antenna ..which worked for five years without any problem...the purpose of opting a dual antenna router was that my smart tv was not getting proper signal..inspite of dual antenna ..my purpose is not resolved..still poor signal...though a hassle free produt tp link,Router,330
31452,5,as a gamer and streamer a good connection with stable ping (ms) is required and so far it's been 2 weeks and it's performance is very great so go for it,Router,152
31453,1,Best in class router. I paid Rs. 999 for it. Easy to setup and good range. Technical support team is also very helpful. Go for it.,Router,130
31454,5,"Great performance, Easy setup High Speed LAN and wi-fi Hotspot  cons frequently disconnecting, WAN port malfunction, replaced at service centre but that also is having same problem.  customer care doesn't connect easily as there is long waiting time, call is always engaged but if luckily connects . . customer support is having so much free time that they keep talking 56 minutes for tuning every setting in router but for no good. After 3 sessions of 1 hr calling they provided RMA",Router,483
31455,5,Nice product. Packing also good.. The range is not specified.. i did not get range as i expected...But Overall good product.. I am happy with it,Router,144
31456,4,writing review after using 3 months. its awesome and really good quality product. in 2bhk room it's working superb. 300mbps range is awsome. getting nice speed. I recommend this product. go and buy it without any hesitation. tplink is a brand and it's good for wireless router. 5 star for it.,Router,292
31457,4,Works well for me. Spreads signal in my home and also little outside too. No heating and other problems. I usually turn offu router at night so I think it's performance is good and healthy.,Router,189
31458,5,wow it's a really good product it's working really nice and his lights is really good to understand... delevery is good...,Router,122
31459,4,Awsome work done by flipkart....i received my order on time....nd the product is very good im satisfied with it....,Router,115
31460,3,"really great. works well with alliance broad band. The max speed I got is 5mbps. but an average the speed hovers between 800kbps to 2mbps. It shows 300mbps but in reality u will never get that speed, and that's applicable to all other routers as well. I recommend it very much especially for those who use cable broadband.",Router,322
31461,5,After using 1 month l feel that I made the perfect choice to buy this router. It has dual antenna so wifi range is also good. Worth of money as well. It's a really a good product.,Router,179
31462,5,Awesome router at such a budget price. Hats off to TP-LINK for launching such a product. The build quality is also great. The two antennas are 50dBi antennas which offer great connectivity and range. It can easily cover a 3-storey building... although the farthest corners may not be reached. The router does not frequently drop the signal or so. It has only happened to me twice during my long usage of 9 months. The security options provided in the settings of the router are ample for personal ...,Router,500
31463,1,i bought the product 1.5 years ago at 650 rs and dont review the product because i thought it would not be good but I am really impressed after using 1.5 years. Just perfectly working without any problems. Network Signal strength still as good as it was .May be it will be better if some more options available in Android app to control it otherwise for just normal working it is a awesome product in this price range.,Router,418
31464,5,Excellent Product 2 day shipping Amazing packaging Works well.High Speed Wifi.Range is quite good as well despite single antenna . Can easily range up to 50 M with a wall in between. Thank You flipkart for amazing service,Router,221
31465,5,Thank you for your amazing product!! It works fine. Worth for Money no Issues up until now. I recommend this ..,Router,111
31466,5,"07/09/2018 Only few months since purchase, Router damaged, Not working, Harassment, Headache Is anybody know the address of RMA in Kolkata?   Earlier Review----- 1. Received hardware version of 11. Current is 13 as on date 2. Good product 3. No unnecessary disconnection. Seems they are providing better hardware and software than earlier 4. Range is good for 3-4 bhk apartment. Always needs to keep the router in center of the apartment above 6-7 ft for best 360 deg coverage 5. LED is much dim...",Router,498
31467,5,It's very useful for home purpose. And I got for good price. Thanks to Flipkart for lower price and timely delivery.,Router,116
31468,5,Excellent product and super fast delivery by Flipkart.Amazing WiFi speed and coverage... very good for home use.,Router,112
31469,4,"The router performs very good with in 30 fts. It also have a steady performance in 50 fts. This is really a value for money. It is good to buy this product online as the offline value is 950 INR. I strongly suggest to buy but if you want to cover a big area with a single router and want super fast speed, go for MI 3cl which has four antennas and MI also has a good and easy web interface. If you have a tight budget go with this instead of the 300mbps model because I am having a steady performa...",Router,500
31470,5,Nice product at low price easy to install & only wifi coverage not as must expected but worth for money.   the adoptor is not fitting to any type of socket It's too loose even a minor shake will leads to connection loss I replaced the product but the new one also having same issue   Other than that the connection is too good & good wifi signal coverage in duplex house of 1000 aq feet,Router,386
31471,5,"●Got Delivered in time. ●I have Purchased it at a Price of 1400rs. ●Works Fine With Me Since 2years. ●But Sometimes u May Get The Defected Product. ●So better purchase it offline if available. ●Am very Much satisfied with product. ●i have installed setup in 1st floor,it is reachable in 3rd floor too. ●for Better performance u should use tp link wifi extender and connect with a minimum of 10mbps speed.",Router,404
31472,5,I bought this to extend my wifi connection works perfectly fine also has a decent range. I got it a 900rs so yeah am satisfied with this product,Router,144
31473,5,Product i recived was really outstanding and the packing quality of flipkart was great and service was also great i very happy while shopping with flipkart,Router,155
31474,5,"Its the best router . I bought it for Rs 799 . It can be controlled through the Tether App and you can controlled who can use your wifi . You can block the the connected user and can do many things through this app . Range is also very good , my neighbours also use yhis sometimes from their home . Wifi starts within 30 sec after given power supply . I will reccommend you to buy this product under offers .",Router,408
31475,5,"I have been using it for quite sometime now, I works fabulously. N the delivery was super fast. Thank you flipkart.",Router,115
31476,4,"If you are looking for a wide range, it won't provide but It is good enough for home use, durable as well. I am using it since October 2017. Pretty good product at this price range.",Router,181
31477,4,The product is good and the delivery from flipkart is slow and it took 8-10 days to reach me.but it works fine. After configuration it works fine and the distance i can access is good and even with less signal the speed good. Worth money.,Router,238
31478,5,Has a pretty decent range. Signal obviously doesn't travel well through walls so try to place the router close to open windows. Strength is almost constant at a given point . No Please be careful and read the specs before purchasing !,Router,234
31479,4,The router is very good for the given price range works very well no data drops and all. Best in class range is good if you have a tight budget then this is the best option in the market And with the tp-link's tether app you can customize the settings in seconds Dont think just go for it .,Router,290
31480,5,"Suprb 1 best buy, liked it a lot. very easy to configure, 2 steps thats it ....",Router,79
31481,5,Best n Best price and best n best next day delivered and best n best flipkart,Router,77
31482,5,Good router at a reasonable cost. Range is fairly good although there is speed drop of about 15% in wifi connection as compared to the wired LAN port.,Router,150
31483,5,"Easy Installation, Easy Setup and fast and efficient Router with best bandwidth and range",Router,89
31484,5,Perfectly fit for my everyday tasks which came under very affordable manageable pride.  Worth sharing good things with good people which bought from good distributor(flipkart),Router,175
31485,4,Product was good and is in good working condition go for it range a stay in 2 floor but I good signal when iam on ground floor,Router,126
31486,5,The product is not only pretty much good but also it's light indicator is performing well excellent whether you have internet problems by survey or by ISP. So I will recommend you to buy this product.,Router,200
31487,4,Really a perfect router that everybody should have in their house/office. Working perfectly and I'm getting good speed in my all devices without any disturbance. Sharing internet is Easy with this router. Thanks to TP-Link...,Router,225
31488,4,Gr8 Gr8 Gr8 The Best Product I ever use . I am using form last 3 years & It doing Excellent Job . Strongly recommended Thanks .,Router,127
31489,5,It came late but the product is good no damage working very good and giving a wonderful look in my table. Light weight and easy to setup. I am using this product from 2 to 3 weeks there is no problem at all. Thanks to flikart,Router,225
31490,5,FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO SEE ONLY THE PROS AND CONS GO BELOW OR ELSE GO THROUGH THE FULL REVIEW........ I ordered this on 22nd Feb 2014 from Flipkart and now after giving service for more than 3.5 years it's not working now. At this price range u can't get any better router in the market. Even i ordered a TP-LINK TL-WR841N 300 Mbps Router for a relative . Well it lasted for a year only so I think this product is far better. You may see much better reviews here but according to my personal experi...,Router,500
31491,5,I bought this router recently and it is lightning fast and more reliable. Delivery was awesome as per scheduled. Those who want best wifi and value for money pls buy this one,Router,174
31492,4,Works well and easy to configure. Enough Signal to cover a 2bhk house. Not recommended for highspeed connection(above 20Mbps) as the wifi fails to deliver it.,Router,158
31493,5,It's feel good to purchase such a worky router.. I use it 24*7 it worked good.. Nice product.. Via flipkart,Router,107
31494,5,"The router, though a doubled antina did not have the ability to transmit signals beyond 10 feet. It's good if you sit in the same room with your router but if you move out, signals automatically become weak... I had used Digisol router before this one with same features but it works better. Look out for other brand if you plan for a wider WiFi range.",Router,352
31495,4,"Best and most popular router of all time, very strong signal but range is very enough for a 3bhk flat not more than that , easy to install and control, can't get a better wifi router at this price .",Router,198
31496,5,This is definitely an amazing product. Also I find the coverage decent enough as its good for 1bhk or 2 max if carpet area ain't much but yes for big houses its suited only if to be used within the room or the one adjacent to it. If you face issues with installation or initial set up plz ask your isp to provide the Mac address supported by this device. You might need to get in touch with tp-links customer support politely so that you are not running around. If possible call their customer sup...,Router,500
31497,5,"The product works preety fine there is no issue till date but the problem is the configuration setup, the cd given with the package dosent works and its not so easy to configure and setup manually.but still it works fine.",Router,221
31498,5,It's a good one ..I have been using it for a year nw and it's quite good .. the range is also good,Router,98
31499,5,Nice router at the cheapest price. Work perfectly with the range of 50 meter.,Router,77
31500,5,Such a great product works perfectly and very fast but only work in the floor where u live or connect it,Router,104
31501,4,I have been using tp - 300 N from 5 years. Still it works well .. Not a single complain till now . Netgear gives 2 years warranty but tp link gives 3 years warranty. That is pretty enough . Good connectivity. Go for it ... best price high resolution..,Router,251
31502,5,"Very nice router. Speed is well to use for streaming online and am continuely using it from the time i bought. TP link is very good router, it nevers drops your speed.✌",Router,168
31503,2,"It been worth of money, and very good range. I have been using it for a quite good time and it covers my entire house including first floor. Thanks to Flipkart for awesome delivery.",Router,181
31504,5,Great product in affordable price. Easy to install and provides great connectivity,Router,82
31505,5,"Works like a charm... All functions works great, good throughput as claimed...",Router,78
31506,3,"Works Absolutely fine , easy to configure as well ! Please go for it if your bandwidth is under 150 Mbps",Router,104
31507,4,Product is very good ...... Speed for upload and download is awesome..... But being dual range is not that great ........ But still it's very good for a two bhk flats or for small houses where we are in 250 metres range,Router,219
31508,5,"Worked fine for 1 year, then it malfunctioned, but, the service center had it replaced and it works fine since",Router,110
31509,3,BEST BUDGET ROUTER.... You can expect it to fulfill all your needs for an average size house and most importantly it has support for dd-wrt firmware flashing it with which will just transform it into a routing beast with every features you just need... Many many thanks to flipkart for bringing this great deal......,Router,316
31510,5,TP-Link TL-WR740NQ- Very Nice Product.  1. First thanks to Flipkart for quick and smooth delivery of the product. 2. A small and very nice product. 3. Very easy to install through manual book. 4. Working very fine. 5. As its forst day of use and fully satisfied from first impression.,Router,284
31511,5,This router is the best because its worth price money and its performance is awesome . Pros 1. Good range 2. Worth price money 3.faster performance Go for it,Router,157
31512,4,Genuine review after Heavy usage.  When it comes to the delivery Flipkart never disappointed me.  Product pros: *Solid build. *Good range. *Really attractive software. *Dual antenna provides a superior connection anywhere within its range. *Extremely easy to setup.  Cons: *Should have provided a USB port. *Should have included repeater function.  Overall a reliable product comes from Tp-Link along with 3 years hassle free replacement warranty. Go ahead without any doubt.,Router,475
31513,5,Its the best product under the price i got Thank you flipkart its really easy to be in home and order anything you want at a very reasonable price THANK YOU FLIPKART;),Router,167
31514,5,"Easy to configure and Install, it's got really good range if you are living in a 2bhk apartment or flat, though it also works for bungalows but it all comes down to how strategically you place it so that you get a stronger connection considering the walls and other blocks that may be in its way.",Router,296
31515,5,Iam using this product from six months. This router is very good in its price range and has very good wifi range. Best router I've used so far.,Router,143
31516,4,"It is a good product,the range is quite impressive and it had a good packaging when it arrived. All in all it has been good buy",Router,127
31517,4,Very sterdy and reliable router. It doesn't get hot after long usage and have a good coverage area. I personally feels that this budget router is one of the best router u can get under 900rs.,Router,191
31518,5,This is an amazing router. You get a double antenna giving good strength single. If you are tight on your budget but want the best bang for your bucks then this is the router for you my friend.,Router,193
31519,5,Good Router at this price range.....Has multiple options in it like you can make a guest network as well as another network we can restrict the speed of internet for both guest as well as normal one...,Router,201
31520,5,"Very good product in this price range, with good coverage range and the most important thing is that very easy to install....",Router,125
31521,5,Worth The money! Got it at best price from flipkart... like their services... perhaps one of the great portals ever,Router,115
31522,5,Great product. Connection is mostly stable and there is a good range for this router to work with,Router,97
31523,5,Excellent product with value for money i got this router at rs 899 from flipkart and i must say its easy to install product with great connectivity.,Router,148
31524,4,I bought one of them before. So I know that this is one of the best routers available in market for domestic use. Delivered before time by a good ekart employee.,Router,161
31525,5,"I will make it short  1) Cost effective - The router is inexpensive. 2) Ease of use - It is very easy to configure, just follow the guide. My father configured by himself which says how easy it is. Once configured there is no hassle at all. 3) Range - Probably the biggest advantage of the router. It has a 50 - 60 meters coverage in direct line of sight. (Checked myself) If direct line of sight is not available it can easily connect devices in a house with multiple stories (for me i place i...",Router,497
31526,5,Very good router for home use. Range is much batter.. Nd multi network connectii also works well without any lag Lots of Router configuration features are available to choose from,Router,179
31527,5,it's perfect ..!! delivery was fast and love the way you packed this predicted ..!! I can blindly order any product from flipcart ..!! Your awesome.,Router,148
31528,4,"Good buy, easy installation. Loved the product, i bought it just now so no comments on the durability. i bought tenda previous which is spoilt now in only 6 mnths.",Router,163
31529,4,"Flipkart delivery was awesome. The day I ordered and next day it was delivered to me. About the device, if you are living in small home it works good, if you are staying in 3-4 bhk it gives a connection issue. Range is not that great else the product works fine.",Router,262
31530,4,I am brought this product through Flipkart the delivery is awesome and the product tell you the truth I have used it more than 11 month; It's a fabulous product the performance of this product is awesome the network speed distribution range it's just wow wow wow. Strongly recommended to every one .. by it with closed Eyes. Don't see the negative and vast review. ☺☺☺,Router,368
31531,4,"The Product is super working awsome till now with out any issues, from WS Retail I have purchased mobiles, TV all are good, super, genuine and nice products, appreciate the team, thx to all",Router,189
31532,5,Great product. To say more specifically it is the best tp link router in this price range. It supports wds bridging connection. Happy to buy it.,Router,144
31533,5,"The best proven router for everyday use . .this is the 4th unit I hv bought , as always hassle free easy to install , with a widest range of coverage . must buy",Router,160
31534,5,"So far it has turned out to be good product, the order reached on time and bit difficult to setup from broadband side otherwise everything is cool and also covering good range of area for usage, hope it work last long and a happy user",Router,234
31535,5,If you are planning to buy a router n u r tight on your budget then this router is best for u. It's range is awsm n covers all section of your house. My house area is 2000sqft n it provides best speed in all rooms of my house. Don't think twice to buy this one.,Router,261
31536,5,Great product with less money awesome service it is now giving to me!!! Just set the router and forget it ....It will give u its best service..Thank you flipkart for your great and quick service... Got delivered on the next day.,Router,228
31537,5,"The product was easy to set up and the buttons were useful.. but suddenly within 6hrs the router stopped sending wi-fi signal and was showing LAN cable connected signal even when there was no LAN connected, tried all type of technical troubleshooting with TP link tech support (available only from 10am-6pm!!). And the tech support team suggest to replace the product. Decided to rather go with the trusted name of D-Link. Product was good and delivered properly so 10/10 to Seller and Flipkart ex...",Router,500
31538,4,"Too early to write a review ... Satisfied till now, easy to install, performance is also good so far",Router,100
31539,5,its been performing pretty good more than 15 hours a day daily. Speed and functionality is above standards as well as its user interface is also one of the positives for those buyers who have budget issues. Cheers for this looking forward to update my review after some time.,Router,275
31540,5,"I was looking for WiFi Router and after a lot of research narrowed it down to WR841N. The product was scheduled to be delivered in 7 days, whereas due to some urgency I contacted the Flipkart Customer Care & the product was delivered in 5 days.  Packing was great as usual and I have been using it since almost a week now, there hasn't been any issues so far. I definitely will recommend this product for people who are looking for a reliable router.",Router,450
31541,5,"Awesome product. I use it daily and using it for more than 1 year. It remain switch on for more than 18 hours daily, but still going strong with no faults. The best budget friendly product i have ever got.",Router,205
31542,5,It is really a great one...works perfectly...provides enough speed of internet...a great device....should worth to buy 0:),Router,122
31543,4,"Recived the product 6-7 days befor expected delivery....! Was excellently packed and in perfect condition, working well although the signal range is not as good as expected but still satisfactory.....was a great deal, bought it for INR899! Excellent work by flipkart and the seller!",Router,282
31544,5,I just forgot about this router in my home.. It doesn't make any trouble.. Doing its work nice and fine,Router,103
31545,5,Best of all routers.... I have used it 2 years wiyhout any issues...This is the best one in cheaper price.,Router,106
31546,2,Now I have been using this product since 4 months. It is working flawless. It took very sort time to setup the router with my broadband TIKONA. It is working fine till now with no issues at all. Its range is very good within the house. It covers upto 2nd floor after that its signals goes down. But it is comfortable for me. No heating issues at all. Got the product before expected date. Thanks to Flipkart.  Go for it. It is the best product in this price range.,Router,464
31547,4,Something exactly same to the one shops keep at remarkable low rates than shops .safe to buy best to buy easiest to set up than dlink Netgear iball .Also works as wifi repeater (learn from YouTube)Flipkart safe packaging and swift delivery.,Router,240
31548,4,I have been using this product for more than a year now and I think it's really good to use in a household.  1) It has a decent range and is very easy to configure. 2) You do not require a modem to connect it. 3) It looks beautiful and is compact.,Router,247
31549,5,"Good range, easy installation, fast delivery. I bought this after seeing positive comments and so far satisfied.",Router,112
31550,5,Kadak Product. using it more than 3 years now and still performs like new. Its installed in a 550sqfeet home are. You get connetivity even beyond 2 walls. I have not even upgraded its firmware yet the range and connectivity is good as new. Very good product,Router,257
31551,4,I have just bought this device 3 days back. Easy to configure. Simple settings. Excellent performance. Good range. Totally happy with this product.,Router,147
31552,4,"It's Very Good Router , I can us fast Internet, Speed is Good If you need good routers, Then buy this, i like it",Router,112
31553,5,Very good router with great coverage for home use. Two antennae really improves the wifi range. Using it for my Cablenet and works just fine.,Router,141
31554,5,Dis is the cheapest ND the best router you can get !!  Even if I go play outside still I ll have atleast 2 bars!! Which it around 100 meter far from my house!! It's had two antennas which just give amazing strength ND speed !!! And the gud part is it doesn't reduce speed lyk odr router !!! It's gives the same speed as ur plan does!! I have a modem cm router which is of Hathway company (my plan is 50mbps)  When I connect to the Hathway router I used to get around 30-35 Mbps.. BT wn I installed...,Router,500
31555,5,Been using this router for nearly one month. This router is very good and easy to configure. The range is also very good. I would definitely recommend it for buying.,Router,165
31556,5,Is working fine after an year and a half The single antenna has quite a small range radius of a 1bhk. Purchase an upgraded model with more antenna if you want a better range,Router,173
31557,5,"Totally worth the price. Depending on your internet connection provider and plan, this will adjust accordingly. Gives great speeds(gives me 10MBPS for my ACT connection) and is really easy to install and manage. Also, thanks to Flipkart for the timely delivery :)",Router,263
31558,4,"As You know TP-LINK serves best to its customers and this router is one of the examples!!!  KEY POINTS  *Best Product with Quality Build *Good Range (you can connect it from a good distance) *Low Price *Rough and tough product  That's it,if you are looking for a router for your house you must buy this one!!!!",Router,310
31559,5,"I have been using it for quite sometime with openWRT on it. It is a pretty decent router , and with a daily reboot it really works wonders . With 15+ devices it works pretty decently but not great . It pushes the max of my connection which is around 1.5mBps. PS: If anyone needs help with flashing openwrt or ddwrt on this router I can help.",Router,341
31560,5,Took some time to figure out that wifi configuration settings can be changed just by entering the ip address of the device instead of using software like in earlier version. I appreciate this change. Device works well for my requirement.  Pros - range is good for 3bhk - configuration settings can be changed via mobile too - stylish  Cons - Manual could have been more descriptive.,Router,382
31561,5,I am using this product since from 4-5 months the setup is quick and the delivery by the flk was Superfast...Range is Good even in one bar you can run You tube on 1920p videos..but make sure you have good internet plan and service provider..no signal drops and any other iissue's i had get till now... Dont think too much.. Just go for it... And enjoy your product....,Router,368
31562,5,"Excellent router..value for money..good this is about its own tplink thetr app...u can change your password , block people immediately.. earlier i had dlink router i was not satisfied with that product..so i ordered this...i recommend you to buy this router ..",Router,260
31563,5,A awesome product indeed ...... I am using this product from 6 months but till now very much comfortable with this 1. Good network coverage in a two storyed house 2. Easy to setup 3. Easy to control with the tether app Worth buying,Router,231
31564,5,"Works like a charm. Totally happy with the purchase. Its Fast, easy to setup, affordable and has a very good range.",Router,115
31565,5,We had to buy urgently a wifi device and got a good review of this product from friends. The delivery was before time in just 3 days. The device is working perfect. We can get good signal even from 10-15 metres. Happy with the device & recommend.,Router,246
31566,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31567,5,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31568,5,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31569,5,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31570,5,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31571,5,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31572,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31573,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31574,4,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31575,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31576,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31577,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31578,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31579,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31580,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31581,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31582,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31583,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31584,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31585,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31586,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31587,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31588,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31589,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31590,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31591,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31592,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31593,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31594,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31595,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31596,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31597,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31598,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31599,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31600,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31601,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31602,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31603,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31604,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31605,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31606,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31607,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31608,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31609,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31610,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31611,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31612,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31613,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31614,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31615,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31616,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31617,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31618,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31619,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31620,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31621,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31622,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31623,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31624,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31625,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31626,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31627,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31628,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31629,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31630,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31631,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31632,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31633,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31634,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31635,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31636,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31637,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31638,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31639,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31640,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31641,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31642,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31643,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31644,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31645,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31646,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31647,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31648,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31649,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31650,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31651,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31652,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31653,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31654,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31655,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31656,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31657,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31658,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31659,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31660,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31661,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31662,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31663,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31664,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31665,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31666,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31667,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31668,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31669,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31670,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31671,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31672,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31673,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31674,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31675,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31676,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31677,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31678,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31679,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31680,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31681,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31682,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31683,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31684,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31685,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31686,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31687,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31688,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31689,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31690,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31691,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31692,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31693,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31694,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31695,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31696,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31697,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31698,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31699,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31700,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31701,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31702,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31703,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31704,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31705,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31706,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31707,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31708,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31709,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31710,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31711,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31712,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31713,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31714,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31715,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31716,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31717,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31718,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31719,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31720,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31721,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31722,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31723,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31724,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31725,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31726,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31727,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31728,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31729,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31730,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31731,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31732,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31733,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31734,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31735,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31736,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31737,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31738,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31739,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31740,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31741,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31742,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31743,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31744,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31745,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31746,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31747,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31748,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31749,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31750,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31751,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31752,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31753,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31754,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31755,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31756,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31757,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31758,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31759,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31760,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31761,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31762,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31763,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31764,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31765,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31766,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31767,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31768,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31769,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31770,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31771,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31772,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31773,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31774,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31775,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31776,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31777,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31778,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31779,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31780,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31781,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31782,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31783,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31784,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31785,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31786,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31787,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31788,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31789,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31790,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31791,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31792,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31793,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31794,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31795,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31796,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31797,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31798,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31799,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31800,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31801,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31802,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31803,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31804,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31805,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31806,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31807,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31808,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31809,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31810,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31811,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31812,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31813,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31814,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31815,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31816,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31817,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31818,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31819,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31820,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31821,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31822,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31823,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31824,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31825,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31826,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31827,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31828,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31829,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31830,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31831,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31832,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31833,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31834,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31835,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31836,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31837,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31838,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31839,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31840,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31841,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31842,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31843,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31844,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31845,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31846,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31847,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31848,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31849,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31850,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31851,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31852,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31853,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31854,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31855,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31856,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31857,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31858,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31859,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31860,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31861,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31862,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31863,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31864,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31865,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31866,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31867,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31868,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31869,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31870,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31871,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31872,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31873,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31874,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31875,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31876,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31877,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31878,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31879,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31880,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31881,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31882,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31883,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31884,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31885,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31886,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31887,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31888,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31889,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31890,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31891,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31892,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31893,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31894,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31895,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31896,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31897,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31898,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31899,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31900,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31901,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31902,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31903,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31904,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31905,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31906,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31907,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31908,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31909,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31910,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31911,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31912,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31913,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31914,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31915,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31916,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31917,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31918,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31919,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31920,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31921,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31922,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31923,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31924,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31925,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31926,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31927,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31928,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31929,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31930,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31931,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31932,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31933,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31934,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31935,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31936,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31937,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31938,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31939,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31940,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31941,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31942,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31943,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31944,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31945,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31946,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31947,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31948,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31949,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31950,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31951,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31952,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31953,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31954,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31955,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31956,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31957,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31958,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31959,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31960,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31961,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31962,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31963,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31964,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31965,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31966,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31967,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31968,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31969,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31970,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31971,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31972,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31973,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31974,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31975,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31976,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31977,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31978,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31979,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31980,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31981,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31982,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31983,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31984,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31985,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31986,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31987,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31988,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31989,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
31990,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
31991,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
31992,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
31993,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
31994,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
31995,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
31996,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
31997,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
31998,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
31999,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32000,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32001,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32002,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32003,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32004,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32005,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32006,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32007,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32008,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32009,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32010,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32011,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32012,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32013,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32014,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32015,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32016,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32017,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32018,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32019,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32020,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32021,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32022,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32023,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32024,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32025,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32026,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32027,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32028,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32029,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32030,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32031,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32032,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32033,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32034,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32035,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32036,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32037,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32038,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32039,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32040,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32041,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32042,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32043,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32044,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32045,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32046,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32047,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32048,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32049,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32050,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32051,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32052,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32053,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32054,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32055,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32056,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32057,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32058,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32059,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32060,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32061,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32062,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32063,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32064,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32065,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32066,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32067,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32068,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32069,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32070,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32071,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32072,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32073,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32074,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32075,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32076,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32077,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32078,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32079,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32080,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32081,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32082,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32083,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32084,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32085,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32086,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32087,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32088,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32089,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32090,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32091,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32092,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32093,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32094,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32095,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32096,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32097,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32098,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32099,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32100,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32101,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32102,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32103,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32104,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32105,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32106,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32107,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32108,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32109,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32110,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32111,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32112,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32113,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32114,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32115,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32116,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32117,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32118,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32119,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32120,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32121,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32122,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32123,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32124,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32125,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32126,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32127,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32128,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32129,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32130,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32131,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32132,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32133,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32134,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32135,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32136,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32137,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32138,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32139,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32140,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32141,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32142,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32143,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32144,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32145,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32146,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32147,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32148,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32149,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32150,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32151,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32152,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32153,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32154,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32155,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32156,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32157,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32158,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32159,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32160,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32161,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32162,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32163,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32164,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32165,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32166,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32167,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32168,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32169,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32170,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32171,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32172,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32173,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32174,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32175,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32176,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32177,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32178,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32179,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32180,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32181,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32182,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32183,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32184,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32185,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32186,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32187,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32188,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32189,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32190,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32191,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32192,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32193,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32194,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32195,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32196,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32197,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32198,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32199,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32200,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32201,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32202,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32203,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32204,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32205,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32206,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32207,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32208,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32209,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32210,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32211,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32212,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32213,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32214,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32215,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32216,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32217,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32218,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32219,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32220,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32221,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32222,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32223,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32224,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32225,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32226,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32227,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32228,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32229,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32230,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32231,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32232,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32233,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32234,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32235,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32236,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32237,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32238,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32239,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32240,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32241,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32242,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32243,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32244,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32245,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32246,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32247,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32248,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32249,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32250,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32251,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32252,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32253,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32254,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32255,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32256,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32257,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32258,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32259,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32260,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32261,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32262,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32263,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32264,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32265,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32266,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32267,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32268,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32269,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32270,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32271,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32272,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32273,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32274,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32275,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32276,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32277,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32278,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32279,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32280,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32281,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32282,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32283,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32284,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32285,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32286,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32287,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32288,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32289,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32290,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32291,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32292,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32293,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32294,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32295,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32296,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32297,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32298,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32299,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32300,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32301,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32302,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32303,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32304,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32305,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32306,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32307,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32308,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32309,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32310,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32311,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32312,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32313,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32314,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32315,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32316,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32317,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32318,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32319,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32320,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32321,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32322,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32323,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32324,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32325,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32326,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32327,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32328,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32329,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32330,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32331,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32332,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32333,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32334,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32335,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32336,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32337,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32338,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32339,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32340,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32341,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32342,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32343,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32344,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32345,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32346,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32347,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32348,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32349,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32350,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32351,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32352,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32353,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32354,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32355,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32356,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32357,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32358,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32359,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32360,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32361,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32362,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32363,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32364,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32365,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32366,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32367,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32368,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32369,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32370,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32371,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32372,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32373,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32374,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32375,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32376,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32377,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32378,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32379,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32380,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32381,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32382,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32383,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32384,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32385,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32386,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32387,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32388,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32389,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32390,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32391,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32392,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32393,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32394,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32395,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32396,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32397,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32398,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32399,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32400,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32401,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32402,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32403,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32404,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32405,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32406,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32407,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32408,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32409,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32410,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32411,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32412,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32413,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32414,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32415,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32416,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32417,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32418,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32419,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32420,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32421,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32422,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32423,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32424,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32425,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32426,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32427,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32428,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32429,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32430,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32431,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32432,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32433,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32434,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32435,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32436,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32437,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32438,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32439,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32440,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32441,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32442,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32443,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32444,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32445,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32446,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32447,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32448,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32449,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32450,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32451,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32452,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32453,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32454,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32455,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32456,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32457,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32458,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32459,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32460,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32461,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32462,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32463,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32464,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32465,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32466,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32467,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32468,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32469,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32470,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32471,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32472,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32473,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32474,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32475,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32476,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32477,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32478,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32479,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32480,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32481,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32482,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32483,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32484,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32485,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32486,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32487,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32488,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32489,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32490,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32491,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32492,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32493,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32494,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32495,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32496,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32497,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32498,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32499,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32500,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32501,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32502,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32503,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32504,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32505,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32506,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32507,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32508,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32509,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32510,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32511,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32512,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32513,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32514,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32515,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32516,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32517,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32518,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32519,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32520,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32521,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32522,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32523,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32524,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32525,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32526,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32527,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32528,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32529,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32530,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32531,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32532,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32533,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32534,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32535,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32536,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32537,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32538,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32539,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32540,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32541,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32542,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32543,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32544,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32545,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32546,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32547,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32548,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32549,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32550,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32551,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32552,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32553,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32554,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32555,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32556,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32557,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32558,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32559,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32560,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32561,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32562,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32563,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32564,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32565,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32566,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32567,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32568,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32569,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32570,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32571,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32572,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32573,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32574,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32575,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32576,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32577,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32578,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32579,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32580,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32581,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32582,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32583,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32584,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32585,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32586,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32587,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32588,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32589,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32590,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32591,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32592,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32593,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32594,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32595,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32596,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32597,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32598,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32599,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32600,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32601,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32602,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32603,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32604,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32605,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32606,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32607,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32608,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32609,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32610,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32611,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32612,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32613,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32614,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32615,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32616,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32617,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32618,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32619,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32620,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32621,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32622,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32623,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32624,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32625,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32626,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32627,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32628,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32629,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32630,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32631,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32632,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32633,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32634,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32635,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32636,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32637,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32638,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32639,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32640,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32641,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32642,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32643,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32644,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32645,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32646,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32647,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32648,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32649,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32650,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32651,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32652,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32653,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32654,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32655,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32656,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32657,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32658,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32659,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32660,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32661,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32662,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32663,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32664,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32665,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32666,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32667,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32668,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32669,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32670,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32671,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32672,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32673,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32674,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32675,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32676,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32677,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32678,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32679,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32680,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32681,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32682,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32683,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32684,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32685,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32686,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32687,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32688,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32689,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32690,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32691,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32692,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32693,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32694,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32695,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32696,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32697,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32698,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32699,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32700,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32701,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32702,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32703,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32704,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32705,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32706,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32707,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32708,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32709,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32710,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32711,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32712,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32713,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32714,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32715,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32716,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32717,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32718,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32719,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32720,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32721,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32722,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32723,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32724,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32725,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32726,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32727,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32728,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32729,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32730,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32731,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32732,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32733,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32734,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32735,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32736,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32737,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32738,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32739,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32740,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32741,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32742,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32743,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32744,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32745,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32746,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32747,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32748,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32749,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32750,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32751,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32752,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32753,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32754,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32755,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32756,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32757,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32758,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32759,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32760,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32761,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32762,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32763,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32764,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32765,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32766,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32767,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32768,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32769,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32770,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32771,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32772,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32773,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32774,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32775,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32776,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32777,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32778,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32779,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32780,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32781,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32782,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32783,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32784,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32785,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32786,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32787,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32788,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32789,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32790,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32791,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32792,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32793,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32794,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32795,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32796,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32797,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32798,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32799,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32800,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32801,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32802,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32803,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32804,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32805,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32806,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32807,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32808,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32809,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32810,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32811,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32812,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32813,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32814,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32815,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32816,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32817,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32818,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32819,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32820,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32821,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32822,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32823,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32824,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32825,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32826,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32827,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32828,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32829,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32830,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32831,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32832,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32833,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32834,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32835,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32836,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32837,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32838,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32839,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32840,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32841,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32842,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32843,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32844,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32845,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32846,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32847,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32848,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32849,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32850,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32851,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32852,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32853,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32854,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32855,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32856,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32857,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32858,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32859,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32860,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32861,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32862,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32863,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32864,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32865,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32866,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32867,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32868,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32869,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32870,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32871,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32872,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32873,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32874,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32875,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32876,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32877,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32878,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32879,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32880,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32881,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32882,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32883,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32884,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32885,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32886,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32887,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32888,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32889,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32890,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32891,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32892,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32893,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32894,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32895,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32896,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32897,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32898,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32899,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32900,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32901,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32902,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32903,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32904,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32905,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32906,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32907,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32908,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32909,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32910,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32911,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32912,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32913,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32914,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32915,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32916,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32917,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32918,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32919,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32920,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32921,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32922,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32923,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32924,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32925,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32926,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32927,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32928,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32929,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32930,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32931,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32932,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32933,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32934,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32935,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32936,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32937,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32938,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32939,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32940,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32941,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32942,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32943,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32944,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32945,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32946,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32947,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32948,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32949,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32950,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32951,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32952,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32953,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32954,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32955,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32956,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32957,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32958,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32959,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32960,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32961,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32962,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32963,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32964,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32965,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32966,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32967,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32968,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32969,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32970,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32971,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32972,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32973,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32974,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32975,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32976,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32977,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32978,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32979,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32980,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32981,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32982,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32983,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32984,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32985,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32986,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32987,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32988,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32989,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
32990,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
32991,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
32992,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
32993,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
32994,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
32995,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
32996,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
32997,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
32998,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
32999,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33000,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33001,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33002,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33003,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33004,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33005,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33006,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33007,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33008,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33009,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33010,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33011,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33012,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33013,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33014,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33015,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33016,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33017,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33018,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33019,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33020,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33021,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33022,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33023,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33024,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33025,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33026,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33027,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33028,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33029,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33030,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33031,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33032,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33033,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33034,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33035,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33036,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33037,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33038,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33039,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33040,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33041,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33042,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33043,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33044,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33045,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33046,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33047,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33048,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33049,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33050,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33051,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33052,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33053,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33054,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33055,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33056,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33057,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33058,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33059,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33060,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33061,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33062,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33063,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33064,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33065,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33066,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33067,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33068,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33069,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33070,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33071,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33072,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33073,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33074,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33075,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33076,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33077,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33078,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33079,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33080,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33081,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33082,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33083,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33084,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33085,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33086,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33087,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33088,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33089,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33090,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33091,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33092,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33093,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33094,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33095,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33096,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33097,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33098,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33099,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33100,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33101,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33102,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33103,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33104,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33105,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33106,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33107,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33108,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33109,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33110,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33111,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33112,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33113,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33114,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33115,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33116,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33117,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33118,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33119,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33120,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33121,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33122,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33123,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33124,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33125,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33126,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33127,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33128,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33129,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33130,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33131,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33132,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33133,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33134,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33135,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33136,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33137,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33138,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33139,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33140,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33141,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33142,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33143,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33144,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33145,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33146,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33147,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33148,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33149,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33150,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33151,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33152,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33153,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33154,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33155,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33156,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33157,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33158,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33159,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33160,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33161,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33162,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33163,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33164,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33165,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33166,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33167,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33168,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33169,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33170,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33171,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33172,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33173,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33174,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33175,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33176,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33177,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33178,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33179,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33180,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33181,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33182,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33183,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33184,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33185,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33186,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33187,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33188,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33189,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33190,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33191,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33192,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33193,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33194,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33195,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33196,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33197,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33198,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33199,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33200,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33201,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33202,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33203,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33204,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33205,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33206,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33207,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33208,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33209,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33210,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33211,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33212,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33213,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33214,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33215,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33216,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33217,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33218,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33219,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33220,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33221,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33222,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33223,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33224,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33225,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33226,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33227,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33228,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33229,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33230,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33231,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33232,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33233,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33234,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33235,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33236,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33237,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33238,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33239,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33240,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33241,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33242,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33243,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33244,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33245,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33246,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33247,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33248,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33249,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33250,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33251,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33252,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33253,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33254,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33255,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33256,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33257,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33258,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33259,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33260,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33261,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33262,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33263,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33264,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33265,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33266,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33267,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33268,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33269,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33270,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33271,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33272,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33273,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33274,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33275,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33276,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33277,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33278,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33279,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33280,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33281,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33282,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33283,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33284,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33285,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33286,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33287,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33288,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33289,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33290,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33291,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33292,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33293,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33294,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33295,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33296,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33297,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33298,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33299,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33300,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33301,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33302,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33303,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33304,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33305,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33306,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33307,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33308,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33309,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33310,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33311,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33312,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33313,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33314,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33315,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33316,5,"Guys if you want an excellent router within 1.5k then this is a best and affordable. It comes with 2 antenna and 300mbps of data transfer rate which is really fabulous for home network.  Installation note :-  It comes with easy installation , you can install this with your own perhaps no need of help from a techy guy. Just plug in the device with your pc and visit the router IP link to install the device which takes hardly 2-3 minutes. In the installation menu choose the Static IP (if you ha...",Router,499
33317,3,This is one of the best ethernet routers in the market. It's damn easy to set up and has a very good range. I get range to my roof also - that's one floor above me! I have been using it for a while now and haven't faced any issues.?,Router,232
33318,4,"The speed of the router is satisfactory as it gives true speed whether you use a local broadband or a bsnl broadband. The lights are very helpful as they are indicator of my wi fi is working or my internet connection is available or not. But the real problem is the service of tp-link , if you call their help desk, they will take you as granted, the customer service executive will think they are your boss, i used d-link earlier, they are cordial to you... As a tp-link buyer i think it's better...",Router,500
33319,4,"This is a very good product the WR841N V12 model . Excellent coverage , I get network even outside my house . Fast boot up ,network coverage is well , and overall a fine product",Router,177
33320,1,"Very good router at this price. Very easy to setup. With upto 5 wall, range is around 15m. Walls do eat way range but this is applicable to any router. I have configured this router in WDS mode and it works excellent. Delivery of this router was super slow and it took Flipkart 26 days to deliver this !",Router,303
33321,4,"TPlink customer support is a joke.I tried calling the TPlink support number,the day i received the router(14th October) a 4 times it was always busy.Next day at 10:30AM I called again,line wasn't busy but no one picked up the call.Then i tried this router with my neighbors' DSL cable.We both have BSNL broadband.It wouldn't work with his cable also.During configuration it showed ""cable undetected"".I bought one of D-Link routers to try at my house thinking my cable might be at fault but it wasn...",Router,500
33322,5,"Electrical items depend on Luck It's using last few months, No disturb is found If your luck is good then undoubtedly it may good one for you,delivery of flipkart is till fast",Router,175
33323,5,Recently I bought this router on oct 3rd . The product was good enough and well opted for 2BHK network coverage.,Router,112
33324,5,Awesome router easy to set up and works perfect,Router,47
33325,5,740n router is very user friendly and software compatible also. This is the best router from tplink in such a low price. I havebeen using 3 of this routers till today. So go for it as requirment.,Router,195
33326,5,Best home router in this price point. signal range is pretty good . satisfied with the product.,Router,95
33327,3,"Honest review 1. Flipkart service great as always. Packing was okay (instead of wrapping in bubble wrap it was wrapped in small piece of carton due to which box got little damaged) but delivery time was excellent. Delivered in 2 days. 2. Router build quality is okay. As many customers already told about gloss finish easily gets scratched So, I won't get into that details and for me a router looks is not important, its functions are. 3. For those who don't know about 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz dual ban...",Router,500
33328,4,"Hi Everyone,  So let's talk about D-Link 819 router. below all comments i personally experience that's way i am sharing with you all Flipkart buyer's and lovers 😀  1. D-Link 819 it's a dual band router 2.4 and 5 but the thing is for longer distances 5 gigahertz range not connected. 2.4 gigahertz range covered maximum 1.5bhk room not more than that.  2. As i buy this product for better performance and better experience of wifi range but D-Link 819 router not that much satisfied personally t...",Router,497
33329,4,I don't know what people are liking about this product but to my experience what i can say is this product is just a piece of trash. Unusable. I have a 100 Mbps internet connection. And before this router i was using a TP Link singal band router. The signal of that router was so strong i could use that from the street ( I'm not kidding here). But due to some short-circuit the router got fried and i looked for a dual band router. And I got this. My experience with this router is horrible. I g...,Router,499
33330,1,"OK. I had searched for so many answers but didn't get it all answered even after going through all the reviews. Anyways bought this Dir819 unit in Aug 2019. I'll try to answer all questions I was looking for, maybe it'll hep others. Also I went for this model specifically since it had both 2.4Ghz (more penetration thru walls) and 5Ghz (higher speed) antennas 1) I primarily wanted this as a repeater to my main Keralavision broadband internet which was connected to a huawei wifi router (built i...",Router,500
33331,4,"It is a very good router. The range is good for 2.4 GHz. The 5 GHz have a low range but it is normal with 5 GHz. The only problem I found out is that if we are using the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz at same time on different devices, the one with 5 GHz isn't fast enough i.e. the bandwidth distribution between both the bands doesn't seem equal. Otherwise it is a great product for its price.",Router,381
33332,5,"Since last 10 years I was using the net gear n150 which is my first router. As my fire stick was not giving good performance with net gear. I planned to go for this one as this is a dual band supports 5 GHz.  After connecting this beauty, I realised net gear has done its job & this is a beast of a router which is giving me a unparalleled & no loss connectivity at both 2.4 & 5 GHz range.  Just go for it. I love this product.",Router,427
33333,5,"A very good product for normal to heavy user. I use it for my smart tv and for playing pubg in my smartphone, it works awesome with my siti broadband.",Router,150
33334,5,"GENUINE REVIEW AFTER USING A MONTH...... >If you are buying this router considering dual bandwidth thn forget it and buy a cheaper one coz the range of 5ghz band is only 3 meters thats it. >If you have a 2bhk and you installed the router in hall thn 5ghz network will not reach master bedroom or any corner of house which is covered with many obstacles such as walls, almirah , washroom and so. >Only 2.4ghz band range will cover your whole house except the congested corners and washrooms. >O...",Router,496
33335,5,"This Product seems not listed under the D-link India site . So can't see any firmware updates related files etc . More over , the Web ( internet ) LED always blinks ""GREEN"" whether internet is there or not . ( whereas I have TP-Link router , which shows Amber light when Internet is not available and same ED turn ""GREEN"" when internet is up. ) So it is very difficult to check the ""Net"" status by looking at LED light.",Router,419
33336,4,speed is good but range is not good as i expected over all it is good for that price,Router,84
33337,1,Very much satisfied with this project. The two types of bandwidth 2.4 & 5.0 GHz are additional advantage. But only 2.4 GHz is mostly used. Setting is very easy. Plug and play software is easy to operate and setting. Range is good enough across the 2 BHK home. Speed loss and packet loss is zero.,Router,295
33338,1,"Good product, easy installation, 5ghz range low, because its use for only High speed,2ghz speed good and range also be good. It has Repeater mode,that very nice... There are many more settings on the web GUI, .",Router,210
33339,4,"Best Router at This Price, Satisfy With Both The Network; Pros: 2.4 and 5 Ghz Both Working Extremely Well... Go For This For Dual Band, Worth Product. Cons: Firmware is very weird, no global update and fixes... Even couldn't support bandwith limit.",Router,248
33340,3,The product is nice very lite feels cheap plastic and very fragile.the signal strength is very good and the speed its giving is also good but the setting not that easy you have do a lot of setting to properly setup like dns and security protocols of tkip and ies something took me time most of the router came with setting already but not this i got it for 995 so it is a steal a deal for me,Router,391
33341,5,Very good router. 2.4ghz range is better than tplink c60.5ghz working fine for my firestick.Overall very option at this price. I bought in 999,Router,142
33342,4,"Amazing router lovely working no disturb I am very very happy I use wi fi connection and brought many products from flipkart I love very much flipkart,s all product happy holly flipkart thank s slot",Router,198
33343,2,"about the design - it is quiet good nice finish. speed - it's too good. work smooth, security settings is strong, you can mange and control the connecting speed and many more, just value for money",Router,196
33344,2,Best wifi router in this price segment. Solid build quality. Great connectivity. No connection drops. 5Ghz speeds are great but range is low as expected with 5Ghz band. 2.4Ghz range is good. Prefect for a medium home.,Router,217
33345,3,For those who are using cable broadband this router is very good. The 5ghz band although has short range but blazing speed. If you are using 100mbps plan and still getting 5-6 mbps then its time to switch to this router to get full potential of your internet. I am having 80mbps plan with my age old router i was getting 6mbps max now i am getting 9.2mbps at all times. Pretty good router.,Router,389
33346,5,Aswm Router In this range..this Router in 2 options.. 5g Router.... Available in(2g/3g/4g) and best version is 5g.. Continue use cooling system. Good Router I am satisfied.. 😊😊,Router,176
33347,5,"The only thing that was ok in this experience was the timely delivery. The product (D-Link DIR-819 750 Mbps Router) worked ok for just a week and after that, it stops working every 1-2 days. Every time it stops working, it has to factory reset to make it work again, but only to stop working after just a day.  It looks to me that the seller (RetailNet) has obtained some 2nd quality/refurbished pieces of this product is hence offering them at a discount from the market price. PLEASE DO NOT GET...",Router,499
33348,4,outstanding product must buy it no drops in internet and the router range is very good when I reach out of my home I am getting signals 150 meters away from routers it has high gain antennas,Router,190
33349,3,"The setup was very easy and quick. Even the delivery was pretty quick, it got delivered within 12 hrs of placing the order. The range is pretty good. Definitely worth every penny spent on it.",Router,191
33350,5,"Highly recommended - I get the actual constant speed whatever internet plan I've. If you want speed upto 100 MBPS which is max for this router, without any doubt go and buy this one for amazing and long lasting experience. I purchased it 3 months ago and can't complain for any scenario because this is the best one. Also thanks to flipkart for their amazing service even flipkart is only one who cares about their customers by working on the feedback.",Router,452
33351,5,Nice one if you need a speed upto 100mbps otherwise go for a gigabit router if want 100mbps+ speeds.Overall the product is nice and works just fine.,Router,148
33352,5,Product is awesome and thankful for Flipkart helpful in covid19 time. Delivery Executive very much Polite and product get before date of delivery.,Router,146
33353,5,"Nice router with dual band. Sometimes I have trouble with 5GHz. It disconnects while gaming, not sure if it's a problem with my device or with the router. However it works pretty well even in noisy environments. ( We have 20-30 router signals in 2.4Ghz range near our house still works fine.)",Router,292
33354,5,working perfectly good product and on time delivery by Flipkart..it works on both 2.5gh and 5gh covers good range,Router,113
33355,4,Works ok. With 3 antennas the range is still pathetic. Not worth buying instead go fo TPLink which servers better in terms of Wi-Fi range.,Router,138
33356,1,Im writing this after using of 3days.so as of now its working fine.good router with dual band in budget. And most important router range is good enough for private use.Im getting full signal with in 100 feet range.,Router,214
33357,5,"Range is not the best, it's decent compared to other routers, but when compared to Mi 4c router it doesn't stand a chance when it comes to range. Not only that, the mi 4c comes with a great app to control everything and a great interface too, but D-Link doesn't have any app and the interface is very generic. 5ghz band is great, really impressed with the extra speed I get out of the same network. On the 2.4 GHz the bandwidth goes upto 5MB/s at best, but on the 5GHz band it goes up to 8MB/s. th...",Router,500
33358,5,"First off this was delivered within 2 days thanks to Flipkart, setup is quite easy, two seperate frequency, 5ghz is not good for my laptop or smart tv which are 5 meters away (no wall) from router with lags and buffering on 100mbps BB connection. Switched them to 2.5ghz and all is good. Now using my phone and tablet devices on 5ghz which is working fine without any buffering or lags.",Router,386
33359,5,thank you very very flipkart and dlink for this kind of product.........my service provider told me I got a decent product in low price......the range is very very good both 2.4ghz and 5ghz.........,Router,198
33360,4,It is fast enough when you stay near router. Range is not good. Very frequent disconnections. Cant get enough range in a bed room of 900 sft house when router is in hall.,Router,170
33361,5,The configuration is so easy less than 2 mints to configure. router was so good with very high speed internet from 5G band and a good range. Thanks Dlink for making an excellent product. Thanks Flipkart for making it available in our location and delivering the product with plastic free mission.❤️,Router,298
33362,4,"This is a fairly good router if you are just looking for very good 2.4GHz connectivity. Haven't faced any significant issues or connection drops over the last 9 months of usage. That said, this is a router that isn't perfect in many ways. It's a very old device that's modified for Indian market recently. The firmware update file can't be found in the mail D-Link site, but only in the Indian D-Link site. Also, a big drawback for me personally, was just 2 DDNS providers (dlinkddns,dyndns), o...",Router,497
33363,4,"The router os good however giving 3 star because this doesnt come with manage via application, moreover Dlink official app doesnt support the model number Dir819, better to go for a router that dlink app supports, or MI routers since they comes with access via application..",Router,274
33364,2,"Sharing this review after a one week use. Earlier I was using Dlink 600.   * Easy to configure * Dual band router within 1500Rs * 2.4 G will provide you enough single strength almost all corner of the house & 5 G will provide you good speed * Recommended for small house / office   I was not able to track my order delivery, which was the only issue.  However product got delivered.",Router,382
33365,5,Delivered timely. Its easy to setup. The range of 2.4 Ghz is quite good around 30 feet. While 5 Ghz range is not so quite good around 12-15 feet. Overall in this price range it's a good choice.,Router,193
33366,3,"This dual band router works like charm . The 5ghz has very good speed and also no problem while using 2.4ghz . After using asus RT-n12+ for 5+ years i think i have choosed the right product, it fits the right budget 👍🏻go for it 😊",Router,229
33367,4,The product is a very good choice for middle class homes....that is it is available at a affordable range. The quality of the product is very good....it gives a high speed and meets all my demands. Nice choice!,Router,210
33368,5,"Please make sure to check the internt port support speed as this router will only support speed upto 100mbps even if your internet speed is more than that. DLINK team, please do a better job in displaying the correct information for the customers so they choos3 the right product. Even if the router supports spped of 750mbps what is the use if the unput it takes only supports 100mbps. ????. This was waste of money as i came to know about this recently when i reached out to dlink via customer ...",Router,499
33369,1,"Nice product with good range, my home is 1200sq ft, giving good signal strength anywhere in my home as wel as roof also, nicely working in my dell vostro 3400 and lenovo with win10 and win7 OS also.",Router,198
33370,5,Good dilevery time and as well as my experience it is good product and speed is too good..,Router,90
33371,4,I have just been using it for 2 weeks now so far no problem with the product. Overall it's has a good design and I pretty much like it So yea I will recommend this product to anyone who is interested in buying this product.,Router,223
33372,3,Good product in budget rate ...thanks hdfc bank for voucher ... Range is superb as my friend on lower floor enjoy wi-fi without any disturbance... value for money at this price.,Router,177
33373,4,"Very good product. The 5ghz connection covers very less area (for say just a area of 5m²). But the 2.5ghz area covers a lot of area. It goes to the upper floor also. I'm using this product from the past few days, and I'm really happy with it. I use. Alliance broadband connection (network provider) with the product.",Router,316
33374,4,This is a very good router for a connection of 80mbps. It gives very good coverage in 2.4 ghz wifi and 5Ghz coverage is not so bad. It actually covers 3 rooms easily with 5 ghz and sometimes it may cover the full one floor of the house if the router is placed cleverly in the appropriate direction. The 2.4 ghz range is awesome and speed of 2.4 ghz is good too. I mean it will easily give you 70 Mbps in 2.4 ghz but the 5 ghz is overall very fast in terms of very high speed upto 100 Mbps. The rou...,Router,500
33375,5,Awesome product. Dual band running simaltenenously. Range of 5.0 GHz band is small but super fast and 2.4 GHz is as usual wide with good connectivity.,Router,150
33376,5,Best Router I Really Like It With His Performance ❣️ And Thank You Flipkart For Fast Delivery In Lockdown. I Order Yesterday & Get Today 👍,Router,138
33377,1,This definitely does cover a lot of area than the single antenna options by dlink I've used before. Works awesome and a lot of cool features. Love the guest mode especially,Router,172
33378,5,Very good product under this price range... The coverage of the 2.4 and 5ghz bands are excellent and it provides good bandwidth... The build quality is awesome and overall its an excellent product..,Router,198
33379,4,Good product best router best range and fast network,Router,52
33380,4,Best for 1bhk. 2.4 ghz range is average. But device is good it's support dual band 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz. 5ghz range is only for single room,Router,136
33381,5,Everything was good accept the packaging idk y this time they packd the good their self it was plainly packd like when u buy from a store. I have purchased menu time but this time I'm kinda disappointed. Other from that everything was good.,Router,240
33382,5,Genuine Review 1. Flipkart delivered the product before the estimate time. 2. In this price range this is the best router. 3. 2.4GHz has better frequency than 5GHz. But 5GHz speed is awesome. 4. Stable network from both band. In short its a truly satisfying router.,Router,265
33383,4,"For basic use it is the best choice 👌👌😉 Also if u want a great range ,for 2.4 GHz it gives fabulous range but for 5 GHz it give only 10 feet overall range in a spare... Still the quality and performance wise one of the finest ... If u want a good router in a value for money prize range ... It's one of the best choice... 💓💓💓",Router,325
33384,5,Its a well built classy looking and obviously preety good working machine. Though its a older generation model and I am suggesting not to buy this product though it's price to performance is pretty good...,Router,205
33385,5,"Range is good (1st floor and 2nd floor) when router is kept outside the house, inside the house range is not good for 1st floor, deminsion of the house is 50x30 feet, net drops for mobile devices for fixed devices it works Ok",Router,225
33386,5,Nice Router Bht 5GHz Range Is Too Low Even In Second Room It Shows Only 2 Bars Of Wifi,Router,86
33387,5,"Got it on the second day after placing the order. Thanks to Flipkart team for faster delivery. Now coming to the product review, I bought it for extending range of my JioFi. I don't have broadband connection, so I use the router as a repeater. So, it does works as a repeater. First, I tested in an open area. The speed test showed almost the same result conpared to my normal speed when tested as a repeater. Now about the range. I connected the router and placed it in a room. My PC is after 2 r...",Router,500
33388,5,Very Good Works like a charm and great Band Separation,Router,54
33389,4,Happy with the product and it’s performance. Extremely easy to setup and handy for a home setup. Good customer service.,Router,119
33390,4,Best Dual band router in this price I buy at 999/- awesome range of both band the important thing is placement of router I placed in centre of my house(2500sqft) height of 9 ft it cover all my House . it surprise me when I got 2wifi signals in last room at 5ghz plan of internet is 60mbps of alliance broadband at 5ghz I got 65mbps and 50mbps at 2.4ghz,Router,352
33391,5,"Cost effective but with very limited Speeds and range.  This dual band router is available for offers from Rs 1200 onwards which enticed me into buying the same. The router was pretty easy to setup and installation did not prove to be a hassle.  But the range of the 5GHz and 2.4 GHz antennas leave a lot to be desired. In a two story house, you can pretty much ignore the 5GHz as the range is very limited, maybe to the room in which the router is kept. Even though the 2.4GHz range is available ...",Router,500
33392,4,"Perfect and good design also Excellent in WiFi range but 5ghz is not as powerful like 2.5ghz, because 5ghz is not provide high range, but I like dlink 819 router. thank you Flipkart.",Router,182
33393,4,"Perfect dual bandrouter for my house. 5ghz has less range so it is used for my Android TV. No buffering of videos. 2.4ghz is used for other devices and has excellent coverage. Dlink Official App does not support this, only drawback. I am using this for last 2 weeks and no issues found till now...i will add further observation after couple of months. Till now device rocks.",Router,374
33394,3,Best router powered by D-Link. DIR-819 was dual band router one based on 2.4 GHz and another is 5 GHz . With have maximum capable speed of 750 Mbps. Build quality is best plastic body with glass finished. It work as both router and repeater. 2.4 GHz band range around 45-50 meter and 5GHz band around 35-40 meter that's very good.,Router,330
33395,5,Super router. You will see 2 SSID(If your mobile or laptop support 802.11a) in your mobile or laptop. One SSID is 2.5 GHz and another is 5 GHz. Connect 5 GHz to get full speed. Connect 2.5 GHz if your device is not supported to 5 GHz.  I am giving review after 4 months. I have not faced a single issue with it.  Thank you.,Router,323
33396,5,very nice product and has good range for wifi and including a higher range for wifi compatible tv's can cover up to 2 floors even of obstacle it's working great with tv,Router,168
33397,5,WiFi router range was very good . I love this product very much I think I hv get this product very good price also. I get very good price in deal . I get this projlduct in just 1000 rs only/- thank you Flipkart . thanks seller also.,Router,232
33398,5,"Yes. It's one of the best WiFi routers you can have. Obviously,it's DLink at the end of the day. Whatever broadband it is, it's easy to configure yourself and easy to access. no flicker in connections both GHZ work well . And provides the suitable and max speed taken up for you package.",Router,287
33399,5,works perfectly with my BSNL Fiber.I am getting 50mbps speed.Really happy with the performance.5ghz range is not up to the mark.However looking at the price what more you will expect.Overall good router.My suggestion just go for it.,Router,232
33400,3,Superb range and outstanding speed. It looks beautiful also. I am completely satisfied with it. Just go and buy it.,Router,115
33401,5,Awsome purchase. Range is not so good but still it's work for me. It will not cover a whole 3 storey house but it can easily cover a 1200sqft flat.,Router,147
33402,5,This router is good.It has good range on 2.4gz band but the 5 gz band range is not so great.The setup is very easy but sometimes the web page of d-link is crashing.After all it is a very good router in low price range.If someone have a high bugget then it is not for them.,Router,272
33403,5,"Nice product under 1000, works nice with JioFiber router as a range extender as well as a router. Range is good. Setup is easy. Product is 10/10.",Router,145
33404,5,Amazing speed with very good range. Fully Worth it. I just suggest everyone to purchase this router for good range and high speed.,Router,130
33405,5,great one I bought this router because of dual channel bands and worth it buying although 5ghz range is not that good as we know why but if it connected then it gives you privilege than other band,Router,196
33406,5,Absolute Wonder ! works like a charm 😻,Router,38
33407,5,Ease of use .....very easy to setup..but the wifi bandwidth is very short...only suitable for shot places like ...100 sqyard,Router,124
33408,5,I am very happy this modern very easy and fast,Router,46
33409,5,Owesome product Fast and reliable. Range of the WiFi is prety good it's door penitentiary so good and affordable,Router,112
33410,5,"router performance is good so far.. build quality is ok as per price brought it under Rs1200 ,duel band gives perfect range for small house ,very easy to setup",Router,159
33411,4,Superb built in boat rockerzz really rocking and very nice in everything really satisfied and very much good but can get some more reduction on price then it will be fine but however very nice ?,Router,194
33412,5,"this is the the best Wi-Fi router I say this covers maximum distance gives better output, better if they provide any Wi-Fi software app to us so we can find out the usage and who are using that",Router,193
33413,5,"using it in an 3 floor building, placed this in the central floor and it works great. stable connect is available in all the corner also",Router,136
33414,5,"Highly recommended !! Range is very good, even I'm outside of my house still it's able to give full tower. Speed as same as my previous 2.4Ghz router of d'link. Lan connection speed is far better than the previous one. My computer is away from my router so, I use a 15m CAT 6 grade copper cable to use LAN connection. Now I'm using a 7.5MB/s or, you can say 60Mb/s Internet package has been provided by Alliance Broadband in LAN connection. I get minimum 7.1 MB/s or 57Mb/s in constant.",Router,486
33415,5,Nice product. Quality and packaging super..it's dual band router support 2.4 gh and 5 gh.. It's better to take dual band over single band of some extra pay. But delivery time from flipkart is very slow.,Router,202
33416,4,"The router is kept near the staircase on the ground floor. I get a good signal in the hall immediately above where the router is placed. However, the signal is weak in the ground floor hall, which is across the dining room and a small foyer. The TV in the hall would detect it, but not connect to it. Overall, its ok. Easy to setup and use. Both 5 Ghz and 2.4 ghz work and are easy to setup. (If setup correctly, when you look for networks on your device, you will find two router options on your ...",Router,500
33417,4,"superb product, good range and great duel band support 👌",Router,56
33418,5,First Iam going to thanks to flipkart and whole team who has been delivered my dlink router on time . Apart from that I'm very happy to see this product packiging and when iam open it woww the product was found good condition and the speed of the router was also superb I don't belive it but guys it's truth and u shuold for for this .. thanku u flipkart and whole team once again,Router,380
33419,4,Good router for the price. Definitely has more range than my older DIR 615. Config is super easy and comes with legendary Dlink DDS after sales support . Recommended,Router,165
33420,4,"cute good reception ,an back lit light to enhance tuning for elders could have been better",Router,90
33421,4,awesome and best in budget as well as has good range,Router,52
33422,5,It is a very good product at this price. I use it for online multiplayer gaming as well and till now it works good. This does not have a modem inbuilt. If you want to connect to an ADSL / Telephone line you will have to either buy a separate modem or use another product.  Pros: 1. High speed wireless. 2. Dual band. 3. Does not heat up. 4. 3 antenna. 5. 4 LAN port. 6. 1 WAN port.  Cons: 1. Provided LAN cable is quite short.,Router,426
33423,5,Value for Money. Great product at this price. No network problems yet. Only setting up the router is a bit complicated. I suggest better watch a YouTube video a proceed. It also has a good range. Satisfied with the purchase.,Router,224
33424,5,"The router is good as it has dual band. wifi range is good than other router. one thing is very bad, the admin page which is not at all user friendly",Router,149
33425,3,Product is good and wife range is good it support 5G and too fast nice easy to install and tqu to flipkart for nice product,Router,123
33426,4,Nice product. Coverage is good and wifi speed remains stable. It does not heat up a lot. Best value for money.,Router,110
33427,5,router is of decent built quality...Its a dual band router..both in 2.4 and 5ghz band u will get awesome speed..5ghz signal coverage is short..very less..This router is suitable for small home....,Router,196
33428,4,Awesome router within budget. I am using this router from last 6 months then writing my review. All time I connected to multiple devices like 4 mobiles and 2 laptops but no problem with wifi speed. Router range is very powerful. So I am really happy and satisfied with the product.,Router,281
33429,4,"Shaandar product nd offer, I got it only Rs900 from flipkart",Router,60
33430,5,Best I classes,Router,14
33431,4,Excellent router! Amazing speed!,Router,32
33432,5,"good range, hi speed. thanks to flipkart+ekart for one day delivery 😘",Router,69
33433,4,Nice product. Working well,Router,26
33434,5,This router is very good. 5GHz & 2.5GHz both are working very well on this router..☺☺☺,Router,86
33435,5,wifi range is very good,Router,23
33436,5,value for money,Router,15
33437,5,Very nice product ...,Router,21
33438,5,"Great product..... great delivery....Those who are thinking about a router in lower range, simply go for it..... Thank you Flipkart 😊😊",Router,134
33439,5,Product is good but delivery was too late.,Router,42
33440,5,Overall Good. But the setup configuration is bit confusing and there is no mobile application for this router to operate. That's the main drawback.,Router,147
33441,5,"Increased my JioFi M2 signal strength and coverage to a considerable level. about 70% better if not more. Tested with signal strength meter, it's woks great! The wired/wireless router can act as a router, repeater/extender/booster, creates strong wireless network with greater coverage area.",Router,291
33442,5,very nice...,Router,12
33443,5,fast delivery by flipkart.easy instalation.good speed.working good.,Router,67
33444,5,Not so bad,Router,10
33445,5,range of the router is quite good . Wi-Fi user interface he is acceptable at this price but the range of Wi-Fi is very good. you can install different OS in this Wi-Fi,Router,167
33446,5,Working fine and damn good speed. Very satisfied!!,Router,50
33447,5,just awesome product in this price range.. anyone can go for it undoubtedly.. 👍👍,Router,80
33448,4,Had configuration issue while using every time i switch on the power button.will not recommend this product,Router,107
33449,4,Something wrong with router.Wifi gets disconnected automatically. Tried resetting but that also doesn't work. First time facing issue with Dlink. Even Not able to find this product on Official Dlink site for firmware upgrade.Similar product is there but not this Model.  Is this a real Dlink product?,Router,300
33450,5,Good Product easy to install and setup...Range is also good.,Router,60
33451,5,"This router is soo bad, everytime the electricity goes out I have to reset the router . And now I can't even return it !",Router,120
33452,5,nice range .nice products. I am happy..,Router,39
33453,4,"not working properly,my service provider had said that product is not of good quality",Router,85
33454,4,This is the product.,Router,20
33455,5,LOVELY PRODUCT ********** (10 STARS),Router,36
33456,5,"Delivered on time , Installed and everything working fine as of now. I am getting almost 90Mbps speed for my ACT 100Mbps plan in 5Hz connection. Wifi coverage is normal. Not any issue with the connection yet. Sometimes 2.5GHz is more faster than 5GHz",Router,250
33457,1,"I dont know if its only for my case. But after a month of use this router is not working properly. Internet is not accessible, alway shows no internet on both my laptop and mobile thought my ethernet connection is absolutely working fine. After turning on 5min and it stops giving internet access.. really bad experience with this product.",Router,339
33458,1,"after using 1 week signal strength is good, speed also good but 5Gz band signal not good, disconnecting every time",Router,114
33459,5,This router delivered dual band Performance – Up to 300Mbps (2.4GHz) + 433Mbps (5GHz) to deliver fast wireless speeds. Look very attractive & damn easy setup. I am getting signals throughout my house.,Router,200
33460,1,Best Router at this price...(rs-1099).. Range is good and the speed also very good. You should definitely go for it. Best value for money product.,Router,146
33461,3,After Seeing the Positive Review I purchased the Router But It Turnout a Nightmare. I Call My Technician To Installation Of Router But Due It's Hardware Issue it can't able to save changes of my ISP To the Dlink Router. He tried Very Hard But Due to Manufacturing Defective Piece He was Unable To Save Changes In The Router. My 1500 Rs Goes In Vain As The Flipkart Refuses To Replacement Of My Product. Never Purchase A DLink Router Of Any Model From Flipkart. They Cheat The Customer. GO For TP ...,Router,499
33462,1,Too much bad reviews regarding this router. It's true it has not that much range of like Mi 3c but more than enough for me.,Router,123
33463,5,Good product..,Router,14
33464,5,working as expected. great transmission speed and covers large area.,Router,68
33465,3,"rooter is good range, but gatting hot",Router,37
33466,1,its quite vfm but lacks a app to control the settings which is offered by its competitors moreover 5ghz range is around 10 -14 m only but 2.4ghz range is crazy good upto 35 m pubg players will have to use the 5ghz always to avoid hing ping on the 2.4 one,Router,254
33467,4,"Both 2.5 and 5ghz are good, and nice simple network router.",Router,59
33468,4,awesome product,Router,15
33469,5,nice produt,Router,11
33470,1,"one more best product from dlink, very low price range in duel band (2.4 & 5 G) support",Router,87
33471,5,Nice product 👌... I loving it...,Router,32
33472,5,The product is very good as per the cost price. Good quality product.,Router,69
33473,5,nice,Router,4
33474,4,"WiFi Range is very less ,if you move to other room then WiFi signal drops significantly other wise quality of the product is good. We can use both 2.5G and 5Gbands simultaneously.",Router,179
33475,4,its a fake dlink .. 5ghz range is tooo short and doesnt gives a proper speed . the model number dir819 is not mentioned in the official site also .. no dlink print on the router .. ..just a waste of time with money,Router,214
33476,4,Initially it had some firmware issue with fiber-net connection so i had to contact d-link and upgrade the firmware to latest whoever wants to buy this just make sure after the purchase you upgrade the firmware from d-link support staff only!!!!!! after the upgrade its really good i mean dual band at this price point is great ...just go for it and don't forget to upgrade the firmware!!!,Router,388
33477,5,"Coverage is extremely low, one should not buy this router.",Router,58
33478,5,"signal coverage is bad, wastage of money.",Router,41
33479,5,This is very useful product but range is too short.. otherwise is awsm..,Router,72
33480,5,Very Very Bad Quality guys do not Buy this Product worth of money,Router,65
33481,5,Worst.. everytime electricity goes off i have reset it.. and follow all the configuration procedure again.. this happens everytime electricity goes off or even switch off the power button.. what rubbish..,Router,204
33482,5,The devices resets often and the connection will be lost in middle of work.... and the frequency is very less which doesn’t accommodate a normal connectivity even in 30x40 size home with rooms,Router,192
33483,3,good product,Router,12
33484,1,good product at this price range. make sure your mobile phone Or Laptop supports 5ghz wifi else you can use only one band,Router,121
33485,5,"Atfirst I have received a faulty router. Problems are 1. No internet connection 2. Speed drop. 3. Cannot connect. Authentication error.  Faced may problems.  After that I visited service center, they have changed the board. And the scratched facial also replaced. Service is jst awesome.  Now. The router is superb. Like, 1. No speed drop. 2. Fast connect. 3. Tremendous range. Just superb experience from this router. My router is in the first floor and from the groud floor every phone has full ...",Router,500
33486,1,Am using this product since 1 month and am facing lot of problems. This device is not supported 100 mbps speed and the speed varies from 3mbps to 80mbps. Internet is not at all stable. Am very disappointed with this product.😕👎,Router,226
33487,1,stopped working after 1 month,Router,29
33488,5,Good product. Almost covers all portions of the house,Router,53
33489,1,Ok,Router,2
33490,1,Love it😍😍,Router,9
33491,1,Router keeps restarting . don't buy,Router,35
33492,5,When i ordered this product i thought i did a mistake then i ordered mi router 4c and believe me mi router 4c is worst i returned it and now I'm happy with my D-Link router which is giving me 90-95 Mbps speeds in my 100mbps plan where as mi router was struggling to reach 50-60 Mbps Thanks flipkart lots of love,Router,311
33493,4,Dual band comes with single or same pwd for both 5 and 2.4 GHz . it will jump automatically.  for mine it is not even worked for 2 days. It showing Yellow exclamatory symbol. Always show no internet secured.  PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL FROM DLINK.  if you want Dual band please buy from another brand.,Router,303
33494,5,D-link router it's good brand....I'm satisfied,Router,46
33495,1,Perfect router for my needs. No issues.,Router,39
33496,1,"Writing after 1month use  Awesome router. But it's really difficult to setup. So much options are there and the manual has very less information. If you did not setup your router before, please call technician. Power adapter cable is really short (around 2 feet only).  Great strong signal (both 2.5 GHz and 5GHz). Worth of every penny. Just go for it.",Router,352
33497,5,It's very Good Products 👍,Router,25
33498,5,3 star is because the router is good but not up to the expectations.. I have got a 100mbps connection.. and with a 750 Mbps output router should perform at its best.. but I still find the network reach is little poor..,Router,218
33499,5,"Experience is to quality not good. Product break link in continues and need to restart every day 5 to six time and aslo router suddenly automatically shutdown. Facing Wifi signal hang and break. Range also to short whenever router dual band and triple antina 750 mbps.. So, finally suggest don't but this model..",Router,312
33500,1,nice product.,Router,13
33501,5,not worth,Router,9
33502,1,"Range is good, Speed is awesome. Totally worthy!",Router,48
33503,5,Good product,Router,12
33504,5,Good 😊,Router,6
33505,5,nice range and connectivity upto 60 meters,Router,42
33506,5,I was expecting a better range. I actually have to install the router in home in the very first room. The range is the problem here as there is no coverage after 3rd room. Bought this router because of range(already have Mi 3C router. MI router's range is better than this router). Waste of money. Also in gaming this router has some bugs. Sometimes not able to use voice chat while gaming. When I switched to other router the problem is not there.,Router,448
33507,3,Wonderful speed and Range... But configuration is not so easy for everyone...,Router,77
33508,1,it's better than mi router and its range over 40 meter at this price range it's the best router,Router,95
33509,5,Good,Router,4
33510,2,Wide Renge...Fast Forward..and,Router,30
33511,5,Not speed router,Router,16
33512,4,good super,Router,10
33513,4,Please do not buy this router. The speed claims here are false. This router is not capable of going above 100Mbps at all. I have a 150Mbps connection and have tried all possible configs to achieve the speed with no success.,Router,223
33514,5,the delivery boy was very nice and smart,Router,40
33515,1,"Not working Properly 5ghz band range is so poor,heating issue",Router,61
33516,5,Best for 3 bhk,Router,14
33517,5,Pathetic WiFi router Always hangs and I have to reset Please don’t take this one,Router,80
33518,5,This modem is actually pretty good.,Router,35
33519,5,It disconnect with network a lot of time. I configured it about 3 to 4 time a day,Router,81
33520,1,"Not recommended, not a good product. Bought this router month ago. These are the issues with router I faced. 1. After a power outage, the router disconnects with Internet. we have to manually reboot both modem and router to get it restarted. 2. 5ghz network band range is very low. can't find 5ghz wifi at next room. 3. Corrupts video streaming from laptop to tv. Not sure if this is something which can be configured. 4. Web app interface often gives you error.",Router,462
33521,5,good range,Router,10
33522,1,Don't buy this ... Poor strength... Worst product ever purchased,Router,64
33523,5,Auto channel not support,Router,24
33524,1,This router stopped working after 1 month. Tried calling DLink CC but couldn't reach out.,Router,89
33525,5,Nice,Router,4
33526,1,Good,Router,4
33527,4,Best router for Office & home But Don't expect long range for 5Ghz band because any router has limited range with full speed for this 5Ghz band. Now coming to 2.4Ghz band ot has long range but less speed. This is the basic working of wiFi bands in any router. If wanted full speed WiFi network at your office and home go for it.  Note :- keep the router in the Hall or living room to get complete speed at your home. If you are using in office keep it in center of office to gain full speed...  ...,Router,498
33528,1,Problem in 5gz range. But over all value for money at this price range,Router,70
33529,1,great network and has boosted the speed of internet by around 4 to 5 times when compared to my last single antenna router. working great,Router,136
33530,5,Very good router must buy. I have 60Mbps alliance internet and router gives 60mbps both 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz. Maintain broadband speed correctly. All know what should be the range of 5ghz signal and it don't disappoint me. Any one whose budget 1600 they should try this. Until till now (6days uses) no problem has been faced.,Router,322
33531,1,PLEASE DO GO FOR IT. Was using a Tp Link single band router before & now with this one even my gaming issues are resolved via 5ghz & the signal range is Awesome on another level . With Tp link i was thinking i might have to use range extender on my ground floor but this one covers every corner of my house from top to ground floor even my friend's house beside me. I am using a Railwire broadband connection & never in 24 hrs my wifi or signal drops. #HIGHLY_RECOMMENDED.,Router,472
33532,2,It's a dual band but my 5ghz is not working,Router,43
33533,1,Product was fine. But ip address doesn't match when connecting to network.,Router,74
33534,5,Ok But not Good.,Router,16
33535,5,"Wifi router is so effective, this range is fabulous. Very good product,",Router,71
33536,5,It's not working worst item I use only 10 day after that it's not working,Router,73
33537,4,Packing is not at all good.. It is visible to everyone,Router,54
33538,5,Average,Router,7
33539,5,"Very bad,signal loss problem",Router,28
33540,5,Not working properly,Router,20
33541,1,Very bad item.not working with Hathway MNP network and cancel net.net connect also cut down in the middle time,Router,110
33542,3,This router is not that good as mentioned. It only offers 100mbps speed even though my connection is greater than that. Go for AC1200 if you manage the budget.,Router,159
33543,3,The product really good,Router,23
33544,5,Router is good but charger is Local class.. Damaged itself in 20days only,Router,73
33545,1,There is a connectivity issue when power goes on/off need to reset the router done the all configuration then it will be worked,Router,127
33546,3,Range of wifi is too much limited,Router,33
33547,4,Excellent product. Range about 120 meters. Speed is Very good 🤠 😊😊 value for money ☺️,Router,85
33548,2,Poor speed not up to the mark,Router,29
33549,1,Well for low budget,Router,19
33550,1,Its worst product... Don't waste money...When power failure again configure required each time.,Router,95
33551,3,worst router available in the market today... latest firmware available to download.. able to save settings after trying for multiple times.. latency from router to desktop gets high even when I connected via LAN.. The router cannot be used in amplifier mode due to issues in the settings,Router,288
33552,5,"Admin panel UI is not user friendly. Changing any settings from admin panel is quite problematic, failed multiple times before saving. Not support WPA2 & WPA3 security, which is unacceptable nowadays. No updated firmware available. Speed and range is good for me.",Router,263
33553,4,Bad configuration setup.,Router,24
33554,1,Router is fantastic so satisfactions,Router,36
33555,2,Nice,Router,4
33556,5,Nice product,Router,12
33557,2,Stoped working after a month,Router,28
33558,3,"completely waste product, does not work, please do not buy this product. it's completely waste. they don't even take calls or reply to email. if they do not respond then they should close their rubbish company.",Router,210
33559,1,i am using this router for last 6 month.Wrost router had seen. SSID does not shown after power off on. its strange to use,Router,121
33560,1,It's not a user friendly,Router,24
33561,3,Probably the best router in this price range which has dual band connectivity.,Router,78
33562,1,does not work properly,Router,22
33563,5,Very bad quality.. Does not work properly.,Router,42
33564,4,If r u taking basic packs then u don't need this router. A normal 2.4ghz is enough for that,Router,91
33565,5,Never purchase anyone it work properly for just 1 week And now it's showing many problems,Router,89
33566,1,Due to made in China.... It's not Taiwan product,Router,48
33567,1,"Best router under 1500/-.  Tested Internet Speed over Wi-Fi: 120 Mbps  No heating issue at all... It can be left Powered On for month without any issue.  Best for 700-800 sqft area, single floor. Low coverage can be noticed on another floor.",Router,241
33568,1,Superb performance for that price segment,Router,41
33569,1,Range of 2.4 GHz bandwidth signal is excellent. Good choice for spreading a 100 Mbps connection across the home.,Router,112
33570,5,Unfortunately we dont have any good indian company to manufactur router else I had chosen any other indian company over chinese. This product is gOod but. It's chinese,Router,167
33571,1,This item has many problems for pppoe connection so i suggest you not purchase this item and flipkart show less price of this product then not be purchased this product,Router,168
33572,1,"Worst product it has issues with the connection, it keeps disconnecting from network",Router,84
33573,4,Dont buy this... Connectivity problem is there... Go for tenda routers,Router,70
33574,1,Network connectivity is too bad,Router,31
33575,1,Nice. Very Lite Weight.,Router,23
33576,5,"This product is good Few points which i want to discuss 1. Wifi range of 5 ghz is 10-15 mtrs and 2.4 ghz is 20-25 mtrs 2. Bootup time is around 2-3 mins 3. Speed is upto the mark  [Note- my friends suggested me to buy TP-link c-20 but when i checked the specifications of both then i found that they are identical even price was same at that time, no difference so it's upto you which one you want to buy]",Router,405
33577,5,At the price of 1299 it is beast...,Router,35
33578,5,Great one.,Router,10
33579,4,"Nice product ,working good, I am happy, thanks of flipcart for available this product. Naiknaware Bhaskar,Aurangabad Maharashtra.",Router,129
33580,1,Nice product I am using before 5 days it working good till now but some time net speed slow down if connect 5Gtz,Router,112
33581,1,Very bad product range is not as expected it's suita only for 1BHK house,Router,72
33582,1,Low network coverage and weak signal.,Router,37
33583,1,Not much good,Router,13
33584,4,Below average router.....,Router,25
33585,4,Not work as a repeater. You don't do repeater booster with wifi signal. Fail model DIR816 IS GOOD,Router,97
33586,5,Singal strength is very weak dont buy this product,Router,50
33587,5,I have Hathaway pppoe connection. Using this router my connection getting disconnect and not reconnecting back. Hathaway engineer told its a problem with Dlink's router any other router will work fine.,Router,201
33588,5,Very effective and nice product,Router,31
33589,4,"Once the router is turned off and back ON, the internet doesn't work and have to reset the router and again go through the configuration process from the scratch. Every day morning it's the same story. Got the replacement but same issue. Repenting the purchase",Router,260
33590,1,"Router is good, but old user interface, now I'm using as wifi repeater.",Router,71
33591,3,Suparb excellent 💓💓,Router,19
33592,1,2Gz - working very well. 5Gz - Could have been better.,Router,54
33593,2,it becomes hot 🇮🇳😢,Router,18
33594,2,"It has been horrible experience with this device, my old single band router is working better than this. Is there a way to return this after return period is expired? Its of no use to me!",Router,187
33595,1,"It is fluctuating a lot the network is not stable in this, it cuts in between Go for tp link router if u people are looking for router.",Router,135
33596,1,"Plz dont buy it, worst quality product.. Go for tp Link",Router,55
33597,5,Review after two months of usage. Good Range & Sturdy product !,Router,63
33598,1,Working very fine with my railnet ethernet connection.. I'm getting maximum internet speed.. value for money.,Router,109
33599,4,"Price is very good this Device, both performance and look are good.  The routing web page of this Device can become even better if it is updated slightly.",Router,154
33600,5,Having Dual Band with high gain.,Router,32
33601,4,Writing this review after 3 months of usage.Good purchase..No problem so far,Router,76
33602,2,Doesn't work properly sometimes have disable and enable for it to work,Router,70
33603,1,Awesome 👍,Router,9
33604,1,good,Router,4
33605,1,Awesome product ☺️ And very fast delivery,Router,41
33606,5,"very good product , i got rs 899 on big billion day ...",Router,55
33607,5,5ghz dropp network sometime,Router,27
33608,5,"good ,recomended",Router,16
33609,5,"Waste router. Did a mistake not reading specifications before buying. This router has a 10/100 Mbps WLAN port. It can never support more than 100Mbps speed. Their claim of having a combined speed of 750 Mpbs is false. I updated my Internet connection of 150Mbps but this router won't go more than 100Mbps. Waste of money, return period is over now else would have returned.",Router,373
33610,5,excellent Service . unexpected speed and Ekart fast delivery,Router,60
33611,2,wow,Router,3
33612,5,Awesome,Router,7
33613,3,"5Ghz range is very low , but 2.4Ghz range is much better",Router,56
33614,4,ok product I got this 1049/-,Router,28
33615,5,good product in this price,Router,26
33616,3,not bad,Router,7
33617,4,awesome,Router,7
33618,1,good,Router,4
33619,4,all working fine. thank you Flipkart,Router,36
33620,5,very good product.,Router,18
33621,5,BSNL LINE NOT WORKING. ADSL TECHNOLOGY USE BROADBAND BSNL,Router,57
33622,4,Very Good router. Easy to setup. No connection loss. Bought it only for 1200 on offer.,Router,86
33623,4,The Router started to create issue within a year of purchase.. The internet speed started to lag too much.. Whenever the power goes off and power comes ON there is no router Wifi signal even though my local internet connection was Oki..  Hated this device... Now changed my router and everything working fine ...,Router,312
33624,4,Very bad,Router,8
33625,3,Wonderful product 🤩🤩🤩Must go for it,Router,35
33626,5,Worst product the connection get terminated frequently. Even the service providers suggest this is the worst product.,Router,117
33627,4,1. Waste of money. Too many problems. 2. Internet gets disconnected again and again. 3. Settings are sometimes saved and sometimes not. 4. Of no use as i have to Reboot and Reset it many times to make it work. 3-4 internet disconnection daily. Go for TP link they r quite stable i hv heard. 5. No pc software to manage it.,Router,322
33628,5,Nice Router,Router,11
33629,5,best router in this price,Router,25
33630,1,very poor,Router,9
33631,5,product was faulty. returned,Router,28
33632,1,super,Router,5
33633,1,It gives very good speed of internet. Go for it.,Router,48
33634,5,Awesome router,Router,14
33635,1,Worst product not getting signals with in 50 meters.,Router,52
33636,1,Super 👌,Router,7
33637,4,Nice,Router,4
33638,5,Nice,Router,4
33639,1,Super,Router,5
33640,1,Good range and good speed after using 1 week i am giving this review... Easy to setup and 5g is good,Router,100
33641,5,Good,Router,4
33642,5,Ok,Router,2
33643,5,Very bad product,Router,16
33644,1,Awesome. Works fine. Nice looking.,Router,34
33645,5,Good,Router,4
33646,3,This boardband is super super very good for home🤩,Router,49
33647,5,Nice router with good range and speed. Have been using it for 3 months without any issue.,Router,89
33648,5,Good,Router,4
33649,5,just wow,Router,8
33650,3,Worst product waste of money don’t purchase,Router,43
33651,4,Very good range. Speed is ok. But the difference between 5 GHz and 2.4 GHz is very little. Overall this device satisfied me.,Router,124
33652,1,5g antena is not strong,Router,23
33653,5,Nice product. 💯% worthy,Router,23
33654,3,Good product in this price,Router,26
33655,4,Happy to use. Prompt service from flip kart.,Router,44
33656,5,Good,Router,4
33657,3,"Very nice product. Integrated with both 2 Ghz and 5 Ghz dual band. Setting reset button, switch off button, enough air pass option for summer. Light weight.",Router,156
33658,5,good,Router,4
33659,1,Super,Router,5
33660,5,don't buy it.Worst product purchase from filpkart.Is it original product?,Router,73
33661,3,Not good.,Router,9
33662,5,Best under this range . Must buy it,Router,35
33663,4,We neet it with onu,Router,19
33664,5,Good products 😍,Router,15
33665,4,Excellent,Router,9
33666,5,It was quickly damaged,Router,22
33667,5,Best qwality,Router,12
33668,5,Very good,Router,9
33669,1,"Very good. I can connect my laptop and three phone at a time very smoothly...but the speed is depending on your internet plan..more High speed the connection , more smooth you work",Router,180
33670,1,Its high gain antenna is really ok...,Router,37
33671,5,Excellent,Router,9
33672,3,Range is very low,Router,17
33673,5,Good,Router,4
33674,5,Nice,Router,4
33675,1,Excellent Router is this Price Range... Duel band Wi-Fi works really Good...,Router,76
33676,5,Item is waste...no return policy,Router,32
33677,5,Good,Router,4
33678,4,Nice product,Router,12
33679,5,"It's really great. Enjoying wifi for the first time, it's awesome.",Router,66
33680,5,Great product,Router,13
33681,1,Good,Router,4
33682,4,Good quality,Router,12
33683,5,Good product,Router,12
33684,5,Nice 👌 product,Router,14
33685,1,Waste of money,Router,14
33686,3,Good product,Router,12
33687,3,Extenders speed was not upto expectation. As my WIFI speed was nearly 100 MBPS both download and upload. But the extender delivering only 30mbps speed. Ok product not as per expectation.,Router,186
33688,5,Great product my 1st and 2nd floor is full coverage,Router,51
33689,5,Thanks,Router,6
33690,5,Not working power issue,Router,23
33691,4,Not good sir,Router,12
33692,5,Wifi range not satisfied... No improvement compared to old model.. it is similar to old model.. just name changed.. that's it,Router,125
33693,5,Don't buy this product this is not working after a one month after that they can not taken return,Router,97
33694,1,Very bad router... connection keeps on dropping...never buy this... recommending after 6month usage...D-Link is worst...,Router,120
33695,5,Reason I gave 3 stars is speed was good but very less distance even if we go the other room signal goes done,Router,108
33696,3,Var good,Router,8
33697,5,Good product,Router,12
33698,5,nice product,Router,12
33699,1,"Good range, look, higher band support, easy interfere.. overall good experience",Router,79
33700,1,Osm..,Router,5
33701,3,Awesome 👍🏻 product,Router,18
33702,1,Wow..Super range,Router,16
33703,1,Good product 👍,Router,14
33704,3,Nice router,Router,11
33705,5,Good,Router,4
33706,4,Nice,Router,4
33707,4,Very genuine product at unbeatable price,Router,40
33708,4,Best router under 1200,Router,22
33709,5,Good,Router,4
33710,5,Good range and speed,Router,20
33711,5,This is a nice product........,Router,30
33712,3,Nice product and so many features,Router,33
33713,5,Good,Router,4
33714,5,"Vary Bad service, misguided customer. My Router not return back last 15 days, only give me commitments from customers care. VARY BAD don't use Flipkart Bad Bad Bad",Router,163
33715,5,Nice,Router,4
33716,5,Nice product. Working well,Router,26
33717,5,Very nice,Router,9
33718,5,Worst product of no use,Router,23
33719,5,Very bad product,Router,16
33720,5,I would recommend this router if someone is looking for good speed and under budget router.,Router,91
33721,5,Nice product,Router,12
33722,4,Never buy this products,Router,23
33723,1,Nice router in this price,Router,25
33724,3,Good,Router,4
33725,5,Internet speed is good after changing to this router.,Router,53
33726,5,no problem in speed or range using continuous no disconnect of internet dual band 2.4ghz and 5 ghz range is good enough for 2 BHK flat no buffering in watching videos I have 2 laptop and 5 phones connected,Router,205
33727,1,Thanks,Router,6
33728,1,Good product,Router,12
33729,5,Fastest delivery Within 12 hours delivery and D-link router alway best and rang is best i love it😍,Router,98
33730,5,Good product,Router,12
33731,1,The product is very good,Router,24
33732,5,Major Problem in network range.. You cant use after 10mtr in other room,Router,71
33733,5,Good product,Router,12
33734,5,It is very nice and working properly. Don't think just go for it ☺️,Router,67
33735,5,Best in price range,Router,19
33736,5,Awesome.. Value for 💰 come-on grab it..,Router,39
33737,5,I am very Satisfied ❤️🔥,Router,23
33738,5,Excellent working fine after 3 months used,Router,42
33739,5,Waste of money coneting issues lot of time,Router,42
33740,5,Liked it 👍,Router,10
33741,1,Great product,Router,13
33742,5,Loved it,Router,8
33743,5,"Vwry nice and cheap, easy to configure.",Router,39
33744,5,Good product,Router,12
33745,4,Superb performance ❤️,Router,21
33746,4,The router has great features and Amazing performance.,Router,54
33747,5,Just like good..,Router,16
33748,1,Needs frequent re-configuration every time in wifi repeater mode 😑,Router,66
33749,5,Not up to mark quality is very low does not work as describe,Router,60
33750,5,Very faster delivery and good product,Router,37
33751,5,good,Router,4
33752,5,Good,Router,4
33753,5,It doesn’t work properly signal strength is very poor .. not recommending to anyone.,Router,84
33754,5,Super...,Router,8
33755,5,Excellent,Router,9
33756,3,Good one best signal go for it,Router,30
33757,3,Veri bad useless product,Router,24
33758,1,Good Product 👍 👍,Router,16
33759,5,"Till know it's working fine for both 5 and 2.4 GHz, the 5Ghz range is low as compare to 2.4 that's why I am giving 4 star.",Router,122
33760,5,Very bad,Router,8
33761,5,Awesome,Router,7
33762,2,Good Product,Router,12
33763,4,Excellent product 👍,Router,19
33764,4,"Router is good one. But the point here is it will support upto 100Mbps, it won't support beyond that",Router,100
33765,5,Good,Router,4
33766,1,Nice router for huge usages.,Router,28
33767,5,Very late delivery 😡 but the product looks great 👍 worth of money.,Router,66
33768,4,Best 15/ miters,Router,15
33769,1,No internet problem most of the time in connected devices,Router,57
33770,5,Super,Router,5
33771,5,Nyc one,Router,7
33772,5,Its almost an year using this router but now its showing wired problem 2.4 ghz band is not stable always shows variable speed hence not usable tried factory reset but it wont help. 5ghz works fine.Very disappointed with product.,Router,228
33773,3,Very bad hesitating web ul and do not support dlink app.not abel to add parental control and not able to setup as repeater,Router,122
33774,4,Connection problum,Router,18
33775,5,Don't buy this product not working properly network problem,Router,59
33776,3,Good product💯💯💯,Router,15
33777,4,Not getting the range of both the signals as I expected. They are fine if I am nearby the wifi device. But signals (both 2.4ghz and 5ghz) are very poor if I change the room... Not sure how others are experiencing... .. disappointed..,Router,233
33778,1,Good,Router,4
33779,5,So far performing well.,Router,23
33780,5,it's ok.,Router,8
33781,1,Good product,Router,12
33782,1,Good,Router,4
33783,1,Thank you,Router,9
33784,1,Good Product,Router,12
33785,5,Frequency length not so good.,Router,29
33786,3,5Ghz signal strength is week.,Router,29
33787,3,Good one,Router,8
33788,4,Excellent router and thanks Flipkart for delivering product fastly,Router,66
33789,3,This product some time works no signal,Router,38
33790,5,Good quality,Router,12
33791,4,Price wise ok,Router,13
33792,5,"Using for last 2 days , good but only better for 2-3 bhk if router kept in hall in center and 5ghz bank signal is very low only in around 10 meter",Router,146
33793,4,Nice iam very comfortable with this product...the earlier once are very troubling...i have used tp link and mercury....this loooks very good,Router,140
33794,3,"Good one but if u want 5G u gotta stay close to the router, 2.4 is fine and okay speed also okay okay i used mi and tp link i felt slightly more comfortable with this one.  I will edit the review after a week..",Router,210
33795,3,Working great. I am happy with purchase,Router,39
33796,5,huge range....,Router,14
33797,5,Varry bad product,Router,17
33798,1,This is amazing ❤️ i just love it,Router,33
33799,5,Very good product....,Router,21
33800,5,Excellent 👌 work,Router,16
33801,4,Decent product go for it if you get it under 1300,Router,49
33802,5,Very bad connection speed even with full signal,Router,47
33803,2,Nice speed as per info given best router .,Router,42
33804,4,Very bad...I have to go to service centre because it's not working properly,Router,75
33805,5,Average..,Router,9
33806,1,Awesome product,Router,15
33807,5,It is good product 👌,Router,20
33808,5,so nice,Router,7
33809,5,Good,Router,4
33810,4,Nice router,Router,11
33811,2,Good in this price range,Router,24
33812,5,Nice Router didn't get any Problem since I bought it 6month ago,Router,63
33813,1,"Good stable speed and also good looking but, its delivered after four days too late.",Router,84
33814,3,Superb Router Speed Is Good On 5Ghz Frequency,Router,45
33815,5,Best quality products thank you Flipkart,Router,40
33816,5,Amazing router,Router,14
33817,5,"using this product for 1 year, no problem found, both bands work fine, 5ghz work in same room only but 2.4ghz works fine in 2 floor, go for it",Router,142
33818,5,Good product,Router,12
33819,5,Most 3 rd class type product,Router,28
33820,4,"lan ports not supporting gigabit connection, capped at 100Mbps. What's the use of 750Mbps on 100Mbps connection ports",Router,117
33821,5,Nice product 👍,Router,14
33822,4,Installation and setup is really very easy and coverage is also very good.,Router,74
33823,5,best router highly recommended for gamer and normal user because you can get two bands in this router soo gamers connected on 5ghz band and normal user connected on 2ghz so you guys cannot facing any lagging use while playing games or browsing or scrolling something.,Router,267
33824,5,Recommended,Router,11
33825,5,Nice,Router,4
33826,5,Range is not good. I am using my old tp link as range extender. Everything is okay but range is not good. And not good UI on admin panel.,Router,137
33827,5,This is a good product but i dont like it as i need long range and its range is low and i need to keep changing 2ghz and 5ghz every time! I tried to return it but it was rejected; i am disappointed with this product; my old dlink 300MBPS is much better than this!,Router,263
33828,1,Super good,Router,10
33829,2,Bad network problem and signal strength mainly it disconnecting frequently.,Router,75
33830,5,"Working good, no issues",Router,23
33831,5,Good,Router,4
33832,5,Very nice,Router,9
33833,5,Excellent product with 3 years brand warranty and trust. Thanks Flipkart for the discount on the product,Router,104
33834,5,Perfect,Router,7
33835,2,Wow product.. excellent range and fast internet,Router,47
33836,1,Excellent product......,Router,23
33837,5,Nice,Router,4
33838,1,Best product,Router,12
33839,4,Good one go for it,Router,18
33840,5,Super,Router,5
33841,5,Good product,Router,12
33842,5,Not getting up after internet issue Even after restart router take more than 1 hour to getting up,Router,97
33843,5,Fabulous Product No Doubt But Check Compatibility Before Buying,Router,63
33844,5,Needs restart after every few days. Speed is very limited even though its a dual band router,Router,92
33845,5,"As the time passes, the range of wifi band decreases day by day. Not sure if the product is genuine.",Router,100
33846,4,VERY GOOD EXTENDER!!,Router,20
33847,5,Good product 👍,Router,14
33848,5,Like the download speed,Router,23
33849,5,Very nice,Router,9
33850,5,Good,Router,4
33851,1,Good,Router,4
33852,5,Router is very good. Customer care services is very responsive and reliable.,Router,76
33853,3,Verry nice prodack,Router,18
33854,3,Very bad,Router,8
33855,5,Worked only 1 month after that it just didn't work. I won't suggest this product,Router,80
33856,4,"Form the packaging, it seemed a bit old, might be because of storing it in warehouse for long. But the device works just fine functional wise. I've had the chance of using this previously as well, didn't let much down and going good so far as well. Good buy and it's quite and compact too, so doesn't take much space.",Router,317
33857,4,Not recommended,Router,15
33858,5,Configaration part is very difficult copared to Tplink.  Had to pay 500 extra to local cabel provider to configure the router. Bad experience.,Router,142
33859,4,Good,Router,4
33860,5,Nice product,Router,12
33861,4,"Network range is less hardly 20m , and the 5Hz band provide 500mbps only NOT 750mbps it's a waste of money",Router,106
33862,4,Good product,Router,12
33863,1,Good product,Router,12
33864,1,Nice product and user friendly,Router,30
33865,4,Nice router design with decent speed and connection is fluid stable and strong just dont expect low ping on high users gaming.,Router,126
33866,1,Speed is 93 mbps n not 433 as mentionef,Router,39
33867,1,Contacted but No internet Many more time router on/off then contacted👿👺😢,Router,72
33868,5,Nice product,Router,12
33869,5,Nice,Router,4
33870,2,Excellent product,Router,17
33871,5,Good Product 👍,Router,14
33872,5,Good But low range,Router,18
33873,4,Superb,Router,6
33874,5,Don't buy this product,Router,22
33875,1,Awesome connectivity range,Router,26
33876,1,"Very good router, it supports 5ghz frequency and best in price range also.",Router,74
33877,5,Wonderful,Router,9
33878,5,Very nice product,Router,17
33879,5,Not good.... Connection get disconnected always.,Router,48
33880,5,Good,Router,4
33881,4,Complaint of router,Router,19
33882,5,Good product,Router,12
33883,4,Range is not good,Router,17
33884,5,Very very poor thing product,Router,28
33885,5,Range not good,Router,14
33886,3,Wow,Router,3
33887,5,Goof,Router,4
33888,1,nice !,Router,6
33889,4,"Packaging was not good at all Product was good,I think it is worth to buy it and I didn't face any as such issue with the product but think there can be improvement in the range",Router,177
33890,3,Not a good range cheap quality,Router,30
33891,4,Setup is too hard to get,Router,24
33892,3,Low range,Router,9
33893,1,Easy to use and coverage range is amazing,Router,41
33894,3,Worst product,Router,13
33895,5,Good product,Router,12
33896,4,Just plug and play wala scene,Router,29
33897,4,Can't change password,Router,21
33898,4,Thanks Filpcart 🥰🥰🥰🥰,Router,20
33899,1,Good,Router,4
33900,3,Nice and good performance till now perfect,Router,42
33901,1,Appreciated,Router,11
33902,5,Very fast DILAVARY and the dilavary boy is very good occupation i like that..,Router,77
33903,1,"I was searching for decent router for repeater mode . After hours searching I found valued product at this price. Clean and finished looking , overall built quality is satisfactory . I was very excited to get hand on it. Received product very promptly next day of order. Thanks flipkart for that. Few points I like to mention here. 1. No web interface/mobile app for managing router interface , you need computer system for it. 2. Lagging in router installed software operations. I was thinking t...",Router,499
33904,4,Very good,Router,9
33905,5,Not good,Router,8
33906,1,Goood delevery and product,Router,26
33907,5,Worst experience ever. Tried changing to all channels and still 5ghz bandwidth keeps dropping every 10-15 minutes and my 200mbps connection is now 92mbps on 5g and 30mbps on 2.4g.,Router,179
33908,3,Good,Router,4
33909,5,The prouct is really very good... and reached before the delivery day....very happy...,Router,86
33910,5,"Faster delivery by Flipkart, Good",Router,33
33911,5,Bought 2 weeks ago. No heating issues observed till now even after switching it on for more than 12hrs. Overall good product.,Router,125
33912,4,Awsome product,Router,14
33913,5,Great product,Router,13
33914,1,The range is quite good but the software interface is outdated. And you get disconnected some time So overall i wont recommend it,Router,129
33915,5,Excellent product,Router,17
33916,1,This a great router having dual band(2.4GHz & 5GHz)! More over it's very easy to install and set-up! Mostly recommended one! :'),Router,128
33917,4,Installation problem bad product,Router,32
33918,5,Osm great,Router,9
33919,5,nice product,Router,12
33920,4,"Go for another product, it is not performing well.  Lags everyday",Router,65
33921,5,Nice products,Router,13
33922,5,Really such a amezing product!!,Router,31
33923,1,Awesome..,Router,9
33924,5,Nice product ☺️,Router,15
33925,5,Awesome,Router,7
33926,1,Superb 🔥,Router,8
33927,5,Very good product High quality,Router,30
33928,5,Nice product,Router,12
33929,5,Worth it,Router,8
33930,5,Not good,Router,8
33931,5,Range is good but but i felt speed is bit throttle,Router,50
33932,5,Overall nice,Router,12
33933,5,Good quality product nice quality,Router,33
33934,5,Working perfectly,Router,17
33935,5,Network cable is not there,Router,26
33936,5,Ok,Router,2
33937,5,Very bad product,Router,16
33938,5,Very nice 👍 quality,Router,19
33939,2,Too good in this price range 5g and 4g working very gd,Router,54
33940,4,Excellent product easy to work on internet.,Router,43
33941,4,Good product,Router,12
33942,5,Awsome product at this price point 1350/- very high gain anteena powerfull am using it for 4 room and 5ghz &2.4 ghz is working fine in alliance broadband 55-62 mbps download speed 35-55 upload speed always,Router,205
33943,5,Simply superb good quality.no issue,Router,35
33944,2,Nice,Router,4
33945,4,worth for money,Router,15
33946,1,Router d link 819 best router dual band range extender,Router,54
33947,5,Not useful....,Router,14
33948,5,Good product received and working fine,Router,38
33949,5,This product does not come with Optical fiber input. Now a days almost every broadband ISP provider provides the Optical Fiber.,Router,127
33950,5,"Nice product, LAN should be larger about 2 mtr",Router,46
33951,5,Best router in this price,Router,25
33952,5,"Awesome purchase, excellent connectivity, working well seamless continuously for more than 48 hrs and range covers all corners of my flat, thanks to Flipkart too for quicker delivery.",Router,183
33953,4,Very good,Router,9
33954,4,Worst router ever,Router,17
33955,5,Best,Router,4
33956,1,"Connectivity is very good .Dual band is also very good point. And now I am using it for 10 days and no ny issue's found at this time . Price is little bit higher as compared to Market price ,but overall is good . Once again Thanks Flipkart ....",Router,244
33957,4,Not meet my expectations…5stars for flipkart service,Router,52
33958,1,"Superior Speed 😍🔥, I definitely recommend you to purchase this, You will see the difference between single band and this dual band router.., go for it..",Router,152
33959,5,Proper value for money,Router,22
33960,5,Good one! Great speed! Easy to configure,Router,40
33961,5,Rang vare low....,Router,17
33962,5,Very nice,Router,9
33963,1,Good but range is not so good about 30m,Router,39
33964,5,Speed is outstanding 😁,Router,22
33965,5,Its working fine. M happy with it,Router,33
33966,2,range is not good but overall is good value for money,Router,53
33967,5,Best,Router,4
33968,5,Good Product,Router,12
33969,5,High interference ......speed up down is high.......I wanted for refund but Flipkart is not giving.....written in the description that it gives high range but it does not....,Router,174
33970,3,Good one,Router,8
33971,4,SCAM ALERT!! SCAM!! This review is for those who will think this will transmit 300mbps through wifi. NO IT WON'T. If you have an internet connection with more than 100mbps and you want a router to increase range please don't but this. You'll get only 100mbps after the router even in ethernet and wifi. Its a scam. Please buy GIGABIT port router. This 750Mbps ad is a scam.,Router,373
33972,3,"Very poor ,",Router,11
33973,5,Working perfectly,Router,17
33974,4,Very good product.i am using last 3 day.... i cant face any signal droping issue,Router,80
33975,4,Good product 👍,Router,14
33976,5,Good product,Router,12
33977,4,Very Good Product.,Router,18
33978,2,Good in budget,Router,14
33979,4,Good,Router,4
33980,1,This product is osm,Router,19
33981,1,Good,Router,4
33982,5,"Good dual band router at a affordable budget but signal quality could have been better,lost signal or speed many times in a day …",Router,129
33983,3,Not satisfied Signal strength is too low and 5GHz working within the room,Router,73
33984,5,Bad,Router,3
33985,4,Nice👌,Router,5
33986,4,Didnt worked,Router,12
33987,5,nice product as per the price,Router,29
33988,5,Super router net speed very good,Router,32
33989,5,"Product is okay... But not worth for cost... 2.4 ghz working ok and 5 ghz is not good... Packing was worst... just had a flipkart bill on d-link box directly.. No cover, no carton box nothing",Router,191
33990,4,This is not good we did not connect to network,Router,46
33991,4,Nice,Router,4
33992,4,It's Work smoothly but top speed is 95mbps My current plan is 200 Mbps on fiber net It's exactly accepted 100 maximum I have checked at 300 Mbps plan also but top speed is 95 Mbps only If you want to be speed 200 or 300 Mbps so go to 1200 Mbps repeater.,Router,253
33993,1,Superb quality 👌,Router,16
33994,5,Stopped working after a day,Router,27
33995,1,Very bad quality router.Dont but.Its wastage of money. In one month only it stopped working.Warranty service is also very ridiculous.You have to take the router to service centre.Dont buy,Router,187
33996,5,Very nice delivery beautiful,Router,28
33997,5,Net speed is not upto the mark. Some times hanging need to restart the router.,Router,78
33998,3,Good,Router,4
33999,1,Amazing,Router,7
34000,5,Thats ossm !,Router,12
34001,4,Very good product delivery boy is also very kind.,Router,49
34002,5,Working absolutely,Router,18
34003,1,Good,Router,4
34004,1,Best product for flipkark 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂,Router,39
34005,5,Nice product🥰🥰👌🏻👌🏻,Router,18
34006,2,great one...,Router,12
34007,4,"Been using it for 4days now. The installation process was easy, just had to connect ISP for the IP/DNS address and you would be good to go with the installation process.  The range is pretty better than the DIR-219, which I have been using for the past 4years. Previously, the wifi would be around the house periphery but this router spreads the signal to upto around 15m radius around my house, though with lower strength as you go far from it.  Overall satisfied with the product. I expect this ...",Router,500
34008,5,Router is very good,Router,19
34009,4,It's not working properly,Router,25
34010,5,Nice product but wifi range is very poor,Router,40
34011,5,Service was amazing.... Product is fantastic and fabulous,Router,57
34012,5,good worthit,Router,12
34013,5,Good networking saport,Router,22
34014,5,Very bad product,Router,16
34015,5,Good product👍,Router,13
34016,5,Too nice,Router,8
34017,5,Slow working,Router,12
34018,1,Good deleviry and product,Router,25
34019,4,Nice product ?,Router,14
34020,5,I got use product.and it is not working.,Router,40
34021,5,Good.well performance .I am satisfied ....,Router,42
34022,5,Thanks to filpkart's super fast Delivery,Router,40
34023,1,I don't know how people are commenting about the range of this product. The 5Ghz range is horrible doesn't work even if you're in the next room,Router,143
34024,5,Good router for normal usage upto 100 Mbps on 5Ghz with a decent coverage. Note: If u own a latest laptop with latest wifi 6 driver do not buy this router it will have unstable connection on 5Ghz band and will show unable to connect error. 2.4 Ghz band works fine. No problem on other devices.,Router,293
34025,5,Very good product 🥰 Love it❣⚘,Router,29
34026,2,Good,Router,4
34027,5,"Awesome one, please note its use for personal only, not for office",Router,66
34028,5,Good😊,Router,5
34029,1,It works as expected and one thing I like is that it has almost all configuration options that I need.,Router,102
34030,5,Best router....valu for money 😊😊👍👍👍,Router,35
34031,4,Nice... No lag,Router,14
34032,1,5G nice,Router,7
34033,4,Very nice product,Router,17
34034,5,Good,Router,4
34035,4,Good Product using from last 6 months,Router,37
34036,5,Very good,Router,9
34037,5,It's not very much good but ok,Router,30
34038,5,Easy to setup,Router,13
34039,5,Good,Router,4
34040,5,Nice 👍,Router,6
34041,5,After using few day the signal strength is very week,Router,52
34042,5,Very good,Router,9
34043,3,It's a aswome product I have little confused about WiFi range other'wise just wow,Router,81
34044,5,Perfect,Router,7
34045,5,Nice product by d link i love it It range is 1000sq that's amazing of the router Close your eyes and buy it lovely product,Router,122
34046,3,Rough and rough,Router,15
34047,5,Good,Router,4
34048,5,Very good product,Router,17
34049,5,Nice product,Router,12
34050,2,very good router in this price and high speed net,Router,49
34051,5,Nice####,Router,8
34052,5,It is mentioned that 750mbps speed..buy we r getting only 70mbps speed and ours is act fiber net with 150 mbps speed.,Router,117
34053,5,Not up to the expectation. Tp link c20 in the same segment is better than this one.,Router,83
34054,5,Excellent product quality. I am really glad that flipkart made a timely delivery.,Router,81
34055,1,I'm using this from last 4 days I have no issue face.i don't know future,Router,72
34056,3,Good is router,Router,14
34057,5,Good 😊,Router,6
34058,5,Good product,Router,12
34059,5,Go for it. Must buy,Router,19
34060,5,Nice product,Router,12
34061,3,Good product speed also good,Router,28
34062,3,Un doubtlessly router is very good. But the signal strength and the area of signal is not good at all. Dont places it at the corner side or beside wall..,Router,153
34063,5,"This route is not better ,It is not reconnected fastly and automatically disconnect .",Router,85
34064,5,Ideal product,Router,13
34065,5,Vary good product.,Router,18
34066,5,Good condition. Good service but price very hai.,Router,48
34067,4,Nice product 😊,Router,14
34068,5,"It is only good for 2.4ghz 5ghz is very poor can disconnect anytime if you working or using it around like 5-10 meter then it's fine it'll work great but if you even move a meter far it'll get disconnected and the range is very inconsistent sometimes I see 5ghz in my next room and it gives speed well but many times I cannot see 5ghz in options. And even if I can see strong signal strength it won't give me speed browsing YouTube will work but all of a sudden it buffers soo much, but like I sai...",Router,500
34069,5,Awesome router,Router,14
34070,4,Good,Router,4
34071,2,D-Link 819 750 Mbps router speed is good 40 foot range it getting,Router,65
34072,1,"Very bad product. After 10days from dalivery date, its braking internet connection.",Router,83
34073,5,It look good👍👍,Router,14
34074,5,Nice,Router,4
34075,4,After 2-3days i will say,Router,24
34076,5,No more words excellent,Router,23
34077,3,"Awesome fantastic very essential router, it's a superfast express",Router,65
34078,5,Verry bad product,Router,17
34079,4,"No con's for this router, WiFi frequency range is good. No net speed drops and lags. Recommendable. Worth for money.",Router,116
34080,5,Best produc,Router,11
34081,1,Awesome Product....Value for money,Router,34
34082,4,"Router is good. But the setup is trouble. I have alliance broadband, and i had autologin enabled. But you have to loging manually in your internet service page. So in the setup ,at the last page it was showing successful connect for my autologin. But no connection was coming. Then i have to disable my autologin by mailing my internet service and wait for couple of hours and then run the setup again.",Router,402
34083,5,Good,Router,4
34084,2,"Worth for the price , a lot of functions are available for the router 👍",Router,71
34085,5,Ok,Router,2
34086,5,Good,Router,4
34087,1,Good,Router,4
34088,4,Superb product,Router,14
34089,5,Good product. Easy to configure and set up and great coverage area.,Router,67
34090,5,"Superb quality, best performance,value for money,covers my entire floor",Router,71
34091,3,product is very good but distance is very short.,Router,48
34092,4,"Both the 5ghz and 2.4ghz are working perfectly, good range too really liked it, well my internet plan is of 60mbps speed mainly dual band routers are used when having an internet plan of above 100mbps , as for now am satisfied with the product, the delivery was fast too, anyone using high data plans can go for this budget product",Router,331
34093,5,Really great spead than the single band i am getting in the same price range. Thanku dlink and Flipkart,Router,103
34094,5,Nice product,Router,12
34095,4,Very bad,Router,8
34096,5,Really Amazing Product 🤩 Love 😍 It,Router,34
34097,5,"This a awesome product. I am typed this text after one month using this router.  No fault, also looking perfect . Value for money product. Thank flipkart.",Router,154
34098,5,5Hz is just ossom ❤️❤️,Router,22
34099,5,awsm value for money ❤️,Router,23
34100,4,Poor quality,Router,12
34101,4,This is a very good product and its came to me very safely via the parcel boy,Router,77
34102,5,Poor connectivity,Router,17
34103,5,Nice,Router,4
34104,1,Overall good...but 5ghz band quite low range🥲🥲🥲🥲,Router,48
34105,5,Exilant,Router,7
34106,5,Nice product,Router,12
34107,4,Extremely Good.,Router,15
34108,5,Good product good range,Router,23
34109,3,Good,Router,4
34110,5,Ranging problem,Router,15
34111,1,Good product,Router,12
34112,4,Nice Product.,Router,13
34113,4,3 star because of the packaging by the way right router was quite good on this budget,Router,85
34114,5,Please don't buy network coverage too poor,Router,42
34115,5,Nice,Router,4
34116,5,I like it superfast delivery This product is best no.1,Router,54
34117,4,I love it... product..💓💓,Router,24
34118,5,Very good product,Router,17
34119,1,Too good!!!,Router,11
34120,5,Very good 🙂,Router,11
34121,5,"Sleek design, just keep the plastic cover , cause it can catch fingerprints easily",Router,82
34122,3,Super,Router,5
34123,1,Good Product but Wifi Range is not up to satisfaction even 2.4 Ghz,Router,66
34124,5,It's working fine and signal strength is good for a small house,Router,63
34125,5,"Great device with lot of security and controlling features and installation is very user friendly and quick without any hassle and wi-fi coverage is good for my 1000 sqft home, reaches every corner.",Router,198
34126,5,Awesome ❤️❤️,Router,12
34127,5,Good quality,Router,12
34128,5,This router is the best router under budjet. Means this router is budjet friendly router This router has duel band (2.4 ghz & 5 ghz) You can use 1 band as a guest wifi and Other band for your personal use,Router,204
34129,5,Best in price works perfectly,Router,29
34130,5,Network is not stable after using this router.,Router,46
34131,5,This Is the best budget router I have seen. Exclusive range. Looks and design it's top notch.light weigh. Easy to setup. And D link branding.,Router,141
34132,3,Nice but not so tp link type it's slow,Router,38
34133,4,For every category user.,Router,24
34134,5,Veri good,Router,9
34135,5,Cheap Plastic use,Router,17
34136,4,"Product is too bad , hardly worked Only 1.5 months ...after that we couldn't return it and replace it as per flipkart policies . Watse of money ..",Router,146
34137,5,Very good I am satisfied with this product.,Router,43
34138,4,Good for a small house. The range of 5GHz band is not as expected. Overall it's OK for the price.,Router,97
34139,2,Very nice,Router,9
34140,5,Nice,Router,4
34141,3,"After 6months of use, I felt too bad. Sometimes it won't provide the band's (2.4 &5 GHz). After multiple turnoff and on ,it would work properly. Also many service providers suggested to change the router.",Router,204
34142,5,Working perfect,Router,15
34143,5,Best router under 1499.,Router,23
34144,3,Nice 👍,Router,6
34145,1,"Awesome signal strength horizontally, but signal dips drastically if I move 1 floor above.  >90 % 2.4G signal strength in 1200BHK",Router,129
34146,5,Good,Router,4
34147,4,It is an nice product that can handle 5-6 devise at a time with equal speed,Router,75
34148,5,Perfect body and functioning faster. Great deal. Worth the price.,Router,65
34149,5,Good,Router,4
34150,1,Worst experience with Flipcart.... Again proved they are selling damaged product...they're not responding till not returned and refund it,Router,137
34151,5,Awesome router,Router,14
34152,5,Very good product.i loved it.thamk you,Router,38
34153,5,Very poor quality no technician support,Router,39
34154,4,It's a good product at all. Value for money,Router,43
34155,5,This product is really awesome 😍... I'm using it last 15 days... I feel too good to use internet service without any problem... You can buy it without searching other products 😉... Love from Sherali...,Router,201
34156,4,Good product 👍👍👍,Router,16
34157,5,Nice product,Router,12
34158,5,Nice product...,Router,15
34159,1,So far no issue good range with dual band and price is also good,Router,64
34160,5,"Drop network frequently , range is very bad Issue unresolved but refund rejected very disgusting from flipkart",Router,110
34161,5,Excellent,Router,9
34162,1,Working Quite well using at my home working well and also the wifi range is quite high inspite of walls in the way.,Router,115
34163,4,Value for money,Router,15
34164,5,Ok,Router,2
34165,5,Best Wifi router Thank you Flipkart for your good service. Customer since 5 years.,Router,82
34166,5,Very good service from flipkart.,Router,32
34167,5,Mind blowing ❣️❣️❤,Router,18
34168,4,Bad quality,Router,11
34169,1,Impressed,Router,9
34170,5,Network fluctuates due to this router,Router,37
34171,5,Good router at this price my plan is 80 mbps and it give me around 82 mbps nice job dlink .,Router,91
34172,5,Good,Router,4
34173,5,Good packing and delivery on time and it's working pretty good!,Router,63
34174,5,Very good router. Coverage is excellent.,Router,40
34175,5,Best value product...but the small range wifi connection.,Router,57
34176,5,Low quintity,Router,12
34177,1,Nice 👍,Router,6
34178,5,Excellent product,Router,17
34179,1,Good,Router,4
34180,5,Not very satisfied,Router,18
34181,4,Nice product,Router,12
34182,5,This product speed is not even crossing 60mbps. and they have mentioned upto 750 mbps. useless to buy this.,Router,107
34183,5,Nice product ☺️,Router,15
34184,4,Good product .,Router,14
34185,1,good performance,Router,16
34186,4,Nicely Working !!,Router,17
34187,5,Good,Router,4
34188,5,No repayment bad shopping,Router,25
34189,2,Nice working,Router,12
34190,4,Good product Im so happy,Router,24
34191,1,Good routar,Router,11
34192,5,"Great Speed,",Router,12
34193,5,Good Product,Router,12
34194,5,I am very much happy..,Router,22
34195,5,"Signal strength is good , software is rubbish keep failing need to try multiple times to get it right , good thing is cheap rate and dual band feature",Router,150
34196,5,"One of the best 5GHz router. Must buy, its price worth it.. i got it in 1400   Update after few month of use- When its switch off then WiFi doesn't turn on automatically, U have to on/off several times to on WiFi  Buy at your own risk.. it doesn't have service center too",Router,271
34197,1,Great Product,Router,13
34198,4,Its far better'than the TPLink router.,Router,38
34199,5,Awesome,Router,7
34200,5,It is good Quality,Router,18
34201,4,"Works good for me , no issues till now",Router,38
34202,5,Nice product,Router,12
34203,5,Good,Router,4
34204,3,Overall good,Router,12
34205,1,Good product,Router,12
34206,5,"Yeagh it's a very nice router , the range of this router was very long",Router,70
34207,5,It's most valuable product . Value for money.,Router,45
34208,5,After One year of purchase the router is working fine. It gives expected speed of 120 MBps as per my internet connection and can handle multiple devices. I have used upto 20 devices and the speed didn't fell much.,Router,213
34209,5,"One of my friends suggested this router instead of Gigabyte which is bit expensive then this. But it gives me full satisfaction after installing this device. I am getting almost thrice the speed what I was getting before. Easy to install, range is also working fine at my premises for both 5gh and 2.5gh.",Router,304
34210,4,"It's not working as mentioned ...it always losse the connection and tells u wifi has no acces to internet. This type issues are also with other wifi but your connection will come back in 2 or 3 min but in this case , it wil take months or may be a year untill you replug the wires and connect it again... Totally waste",Router,318
34211,5,Nice but I am use also late,Router,27
34212,5,If you gonna use 5ghz from different floor of your house.....then u might face speed drop. So use 5ghz wifi option only when u r on same floor at which router is installed.,Router,172
34213,4,Good,Router,4
34214,4,Nice,Router,4
34215,5,Satisfactory but the range is low not more than 3-4 meters .,Router,60
34216,5,Better go for TP-Link.,Router,22
34217,5,Vary good product,Router,17
34218,5,very worst product. need to return,Router,34
34219,2,best Product value for money,Router,28
34220,5,Nice product,Router,12
34221,3,Whiout Lan Connection it's not working properly.it's better than hot spot connection,Router,84
34222,5,Overall performance is good enough. 5Ghz range is low but 2?4Ghz range is fair enough.,Router,86
34223,5,Nice,Router,4
34224,4,Nice product and range is short for 5 ghz but will do with 2.4 ghz,Router,66
34225,1,Very nice working good,Router,22
34226,5,Good product!,Router,13
34227,1,Nice product 😌👍,Router,15
34228,5,Normal,Router,6
34229,4,Excellent,Router,9
34230,2,Nice branded product with low price,Router,35
34231,2,Present Good,Router,12
34232,3,Superb,Router,6
34233,4,I am happy,Router,10
34234,1,Awesome,Router,7
34235,3,Very good,Router,9
34236,5,Don't waste your money.its the worst router. Wasted my money 💰💰💰,Router,64
34237,3,It is a very nice. Speed and range is amazing and it is a nice product from D-Link in this price range.,Router,103
34238,5,This router is a carefully it's a good quality It's a beautiful desgin,Router,70
34239,5,Problematic router. Ping goes high,Router,34
34240,5,Waste product don't buy. Router got repaired after 3 months purchase,Router,68
34241,5,Network dropped continuously. Not work in properly. Stop working twice in day. Every time need restart.,Router,103
34242,5,"after some struglling the router connect with internet, working decent in this PP.",Router,82
34243,5,"After an year of usage, i could not reset the wifi ssid and passwords",Router,69
34244,5,Good,Router,4
34245,1,Network fluctuation,Router,19
34246,5,Good Product,Router,12
34247,5,Working excellent,Router,17
34248,1,Awesome quality..but when I purchase this product the price decrease rs 200.,Router,76
34249,1,Good product,Router,12
34250,1,Good Product You can buy..,Router,26
34251,3,Nice product . All is good,Router,26
34252,5,Avarage product,Router,15
34253,4,Awesome. Increased speed.,Router,25
34254,2,The product quality is average according to it's price. Build quality could be better. Getting trouble connecting 5GHz band. Minimal and glossy design is attractive.,Router,165
34255,5,Good Product,Router,12
34256,5,As my Internet pack is of 30 Mbps. This Router has given me a speed of 29-30Mbps (For 2.4Ghz) and 78Mbps Downloading speed (in 5Ghz).,Router,133
34257,5,Ok,Router,2
34258,5,The first one that I recieved was a defected one and it took me nearly a week to get it replaced after n number of calls. But the product is good and recommendable. Don't buy if you have an urgency because by chance you find a defect these people will literally test your patience to the core.,Router,293
34259,5,"Super Speed At My Home With Dual Band ,30 Mbps Is Enough With This Combo ,I can suggest must Buy without any Doubt. Super Range .......",Router,135
34260,5,"Got damaged Product, does not detected by laptop or mobilep",Router,59
34261,2,It is only supporting 100 mbps. If you are looking for higher speed wifi routers you may have to go for higher configuration,Router,124
34262,5,Very good,Router,9
34263,3,Good coverage area for 1BHK & 2nd will also get good network but speed will be low,Router,82
34264,5,Good,Router,4
34265,5,"Lost it's network several times... wifi network strength is ok, not so good . Other wise it's ok",Router,96
34266,5,I got best deal with this one works best as per performance,Router,59
34267,3,"This is an Excellent Product. I have been using it since 08 Feb 2020. It's been 1.5Yrs, using it continuously in the lockdown with no issues till date. Love this product. I have also recommended this product to my friend & he is also happy with it.",Router,248
34268,5,Valuable for money,Router,18
34269,4,No issues working fine after 5 months i am using and given feedback,Router,67
34270,3,Nice..,Router,6
34271,5,Good quality 🙂,Router,14
34272,4,Works well mith mutiple devices streaming through the router at the same time. Havnt faced any issues till now,Router,110
34273,5,Longer range good router,Router,24
34274,4,It's Good,Router,9
34275,4,Great Product... Superb Connectivity... Superfast Delivery,Router,58
34276,5,Best router for home use.,Router,25
34277,5,Okay,Router,4
34278,4,Just loved the signal quality.,Router,30
34279,5,Good product,Router,12
34280,4,Working fine with dual bands,Router,28
34281,5,"It's coverage range is less, if you want to use it with in a room no issue. In my case I had bad experience like the signal used to drop frequently, I don't know it is a general problem or specific case. I am using tp-link A6 now It's fantastic.",Router,245
34282,4,A very good and best router I have ever seen,Router,44
34283,5,Worst router ever. Worked good for a year and afterwards the signal became extremely weak. Get a TP Link router. It's way better.,Router,129
34284,5,Superb,Router,6
34285,4,This router is best for home and basic use. Coverages is also good. Would suggest tou if you have a small business or a small house,Router,131
34286,3,Very Good product. Cover is also good,Router,37
34287,5,worth buying it,Router,15
34288,5,2.4ghz band not working properly rest of the things good,Router,56
34289,5,"This router is best product because range is awesome to network..,..Thanks to flipkart???",Router,89
34290,3,Awesome,Router,7
34291,5,Great product.,Router,14
34292,1,Not working,Router,11
34293,5,Good product....,Router,16
34294,5,Excelent coverage. 5 ghz band is work in a minimum range than the 2.4 ghz. But thats more than enough to have dual band channel in this price range. Go for it guyz.,Router,164
34295,5,Nice Router. Very powerful,Router,26
34296,5,It’s really good . Smooth speed constantly. Easy installation.,Router,62
34297,1,Got as expected,Router,15
34298,5,Best,Router,4
34299,5,Good product,Router,12
34300,5,Damage no power on,Router,18
34301,1,Good 😊🙂 I,Router,9
34302,5,Not suitable for BSNL fibernet,Router,30
34303,5,Stopped working after few days of use,Router,37
34304,5,Excellent product,Router,17
34305,5,Good product,Router,12
34306,4,"fixed it in hall and facing range related issues in other room , Expected a way better performance from DLINK.  using my old router as extender now :-(",Router,151
34307,5,Performance is not good,Router,23
34308,4,Poor connectivity,Router,17
34309,1,Good. Ontime delivery from Flipkart,Router,35
34310,4,best in market,Router,14
34311,3,Good but a Chinese product,Router,26
34312,2,Product not up to the mark,Router,26
34313,4,Excellent product,Router,17
34314,5,Nice product,Router,12
34315,3,Good product.,Router,13
34316,1,Good performance. Easy to setup. Super speed.,Router,45
34317,1,Excellent product,Router,17
34318,4,Good product,Router,12
34319,5,That's too good,Router,15
34320,4,After using last 3 months I must say it is a superb product from all aspects,Router,76
34321,1,Best wifi coverage....,Router,22
34322,5,Very good High Range and true speed👍👍,Router,37
34323,5,Very good product,Router,17
34324,5,Waste of money,Router,14
34325,5,Nice,Router,4
34326,5,Nice router best in this budget,Router,31
34327,5,Wrost product,Router,13
34328,4,Good product,Router,12
34329,5,Good,Router,4
34330,5,Ok,Router,2
34331,5,This is a good product.... wifi range is limited. Not so far.. as mentioned in previous reviews.,Router,96
34332,5,This product is good . I have a 50mbps connection in my house it is easily able to get 50mbps speed both in 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz band . 5ghz range is very average . 2.4ghz range is good but not great.,Router,195
34333,1,I am happy with the product. All the setup steps described very well in the document.,Router,85
34334,5,V good,Router,6
34335,5,"Good range, good speed. Go for it",Router,33
34336,1,Not good,Router,8
34337,5,Charger adaptor gone in two montsh,Router,34
34338,5,Best router under budget,Router,24
34339,5,Good,Router,4
34340,4,Pathetic experience... Need to reboot everytime incase of power cut and not able to connect to internet from ISP,Router,112
34341,3,Worst product and buggy one I received. After a month usage it's behaving randomly mulfunction ing.  Very frequently disconnecting and making too irritate.  And net speed also down to too much low compared to Direct cable connection.  I never expected this from d link and flipkart.,Router,282
34342,4,Very Good Product,Router,17
34343,4,Excellent 👌👌👌👌 so speed best one go for it....thanks to Flipkart for speed delivery like wifi 🤩,Router,95
34344,5,Good,Router,4
34345,1,Very good,Router,9
34346,4,Wonderful. Great.,Router,17
34347,5,nice product and range super.,Router,29
34348,4,This ok product at this price range. Works fine. Only 5ghz speed/coverage is poor and device looks stable at 2.4 ghz speed. Not recieved 100% of wifi 5ghz signals tested next to router. No latest firmware available in Dlink site for this model.,Router,244
34349,1,Goog,Router,4
34350,1,Superb speed and range.,Router,23
34351,5,"I am writing this after using it for 7 days, range is pretty good, 5ghz band is pretty stable(many router have stability issue in the 5ghz band). 2.4 ghz best for long range coverage, ventilation is pretty good. Let's see if it holds up in the long run, i heard dlink is not good in it's firmware support, gonna test that out and update it here.",Router,345
34352,5,Good,Router,4
34353,5,Good speed and range covered is high compared to other routers,Router,62
34354,5,Excellent experience with this device performance,Router,49
34355,5,Worest router ever I seen when power gone after power supply comes it was not sending signals to connect Internet facing issue from past 2 days. When I purchase this from flipkart site it worked good fr few days now it was not working. Worest product which you are selling.,Router,273
34356,5,Excellent,Router,9
34357,3,Good product,Router,12
34358,5,Network is stable but the range is not so far after 2 rooms the signal drops and it will get only 1-2 Mbps only .,Router,113
34359,5,Working good,Router,12
34360,4,D link is best in router category,Router,33
34361,5,Nice product,Router,12
34362,4,Good product better than others,Router,31
34363,5,"Nice one but works with 100 mbps and above connection speed, I am unable to connect my internet directly to it, however I can use it as repeater.",Router,145
34364,1,Very bad no process,Router,19
34365,4,Nice products,Router,13
34366,5,nice,Router,4
34367,4,Superb quality,Router,14
34368,5,Ok,Router,2
34369,4,Nice product,Router,12
34370,4,Good product,Router,12
34371,5,I have just started using it and it is working fine. I will change my review may be after 1 or 2 months. Act fiber technician told it is a failure model but let's see and get our own opinion.,Router,191
34372,4,Nice products good working no issue s at all,Router,44
34373,1,Suitable for desktop and mobile.,Router,32
34374,5,"D-Link DIR-819 750 Mbps Router (Black, Dual Band)#JustHere",Router,58
34375,4,Nice good I love this product,Router,29
34376,4,I return d-link dir -819 750 router but my payment has not recieved in my account flipcart cheated me and i again donot buy anything from flipcart 1590 rs total loss,Router,165
34377,5,Good connectivity,Router,17
34378,5,Good product & delivery same time,Router,33
34379,4,Best in the segment go for it....,Router,33
34380,4,"Firmware is old version, you will not get update firmware, that why it's not connected and after installing new firmware after sometime or reset it get install new firmware.",Router,173
34381,5,Good one some times it acts like working low but it's good,Router,58
34382,5,Dual band allows to utilise the wifi strength as per your requirement. Giving 5 stars after using more than 15 days. Happy for the product. Thanks Flipkart,Router,155
34383,5,Amazing Performance,Router,19
34384,5,Thanks,Router,6
34385,1,Good product 👍,Router,14
34386,4,Very Good Product.  Connectivity is accurate as per mentioned details.,Router,70
34387,4,Good,Router,4
34388,5,Good,Router,4
34389,1,Good speed,Router,10
34390,5,Must Buy Very Good Product,Router,26
34391,5,Terrific purchase,Router,17
34392,5,Excellent range and speed..no issues.. happy purchase,Router,53
34393,5,Very nice,Router,9
34394,4,Quick fastest delivery by Flipkart..... Awesome router...it actually enhanced the internet speed from 35 Mbps to 70mbps like a miracle.... Just go for it....its really worth....,Router,177
34395,5,Nice product,Router,12
34396,5,Best router in this price... 🔥🥰🥰🥰,Router,33
34397,5,Nice product,Router,12
34398,5,"Best. If you used it at home, this is the best product. It's better than Tp-Link. Speed is good and distance covered satisfied.",Router,127
34399,5,Excellent range.. 5ghz works very well.. I have 65 mbps connection & still i get this kind of speed ⚡,Router,101
34400,5,Good,Router,4
34401,5,Good,Router,4
34402,5,Plsss My Humble Request Do Not Buy this Product ????.. Ping on pubg is ok but so much frame drop.Network speed is so much differable..And range is so bad .And the most disgusting thing is the log in page .Every time it's error after any change of your WiFi setting.farmare and log in page is so bad.Better go with any tp link router.My previous Tp link single band router is still provide better speed after 4 years.I will never buy any d link product..,Router,453
34403,5,Using this without any issues almost for two years since 10/09/2019.,Router,68
34404,5,It's good,Router,9
34405,5,Nice product,Router,12
34406,5,very good,Router,9
34407,5,Best home router in this price point❤️,Router,38
34408,5,Got a faulty ethernet cable. Otherwise connectivity is ok.,Router,58
34409,4,Very high speed router..good signal .. impressive.. I had D-Link 615 used it for 6 years then thought to upgrade to this !! I'm satisfied,Router,137
34410,5,Thanks,Router,6
34411,1,Open this d link side... error page,Router,35
34412,5,Router is good D-Link have tp improve signal range,Router,50
34413,5,Awesome,Router,7
34414,5,Very good 👍👍👍👍,Router,14
34415,5,Best router ever,Router,16
34416,5,Good Product,Router,12
34417,3,This Wifi range is very very poor ....,Router,38
34418,5,Good one,Router,8
34419,5,Awesome,Router,7
34420,1,Im getting less distance covered in 5Ghz.,Router,41
34421,4,"Good product , easy to install , 1500/- under product",Router,53
34422,5,Great product. Super fast delivery by flipkart and product is very easy to install and use. Just plugged a internet cable and wifi is ready to use. 2.4 ghz and 5Ghz with decent coverage.,Router,186
34423,5,Awesome router it supports 5G which is very fast,Router,48
34424,5,Nice product go for it 👍👍👍,Router,26
34425,4,Well it was worth buying it ...,Router,31
34426,1,Don't want this produced,Router,24
34427,4,Nice,Router,4
34428,5,"Super fast delivery, best in this price range, dual band and easy to setup.some technical issue happens when first connection but after the restart it was fine",Router,159
34429,3,Range low,Router,9
34430,4,Not working properly,Router,20
34431,5,"Best Product , amazing download /uploading speed",Router,48
34432,5,Range of 5G band is poor also have to restart router again and again when there is a power issue. Never had such issues with my earlier Tenda router.,Router,149
34433,4,GOOD PRODUCT 👍👍,Router,15
34434,5,Flipkart delivered this product through EKART.... The delivery executive boy was very polite and behaves very well. I am impressed with that guy. Thanks for such a good delivery. But i am not gonna write anything about the product as i have not used it for long time. But i hope it works well...,Router,295
34435,1,All functions are working great than i expected....always brand is brand itself,Router,79
34436,5,Good,Router,4
34437,4,Good,Router,4
34438,5,Product packaging bad quality,Router,29
34439,1,Good product,Router,12
34440,5,Good product thanks,Router,19
34441,3,Some time it stop it's work,Router,27
34442,5,Nice and excellent 5G router,Router,28
34443,5,Very nice,Router,9
34444,5,Good Product.,Router,13
34445,5,Excellent,Router,9
34446,5,Good,Router,4
34447,1,Very bad quality,Router,16
34448,4,Best product,Router,12
34449,4,"Software is laggy. It crashed everytime, whenever I try to setup my router.",Router,75
34450,2,3 antenna model of this router is a good product and provides good signal range and it's a very helpful product at this price in the market thank you,Router,149
34451,1,Good,Router,4
34452,5,Average product which losses internet connection intermediatly. Also internet light does turns into amber if there is no internet connection. Overall average product.,Router,166
34453,4,Good,Router,4
34454,5,Range is around 25 feet. High coverage area will be good. Bought for Price Rs. 1499,Router,83
34455,5,Just okay,Router,9
34456,2,Waste of money,Router,14
34457,3,"Nice router with descent speed.  2.4 ghz range is quite good, no speed drop  5ghz range is low it will cover only one room but you will get you ISP max speed.  I have 100mbps alliance kolkata isp  And i was getting direct with cable 90mbps and same i was getting in wifi 90mbps in 5ghz  And in 2.4 ghz it gets reduced to 40-50mbps",Router,330
34458,1,Its worthless product dont go on overall rating,Router,47
34459,4,No issue... Thanks Flipkart,Router,27
34460,5,Good,Router,4
34461,3,Bad experience,Router,14
34462,5,I have been using it for quite long....I have a network connection of 15 mbps...on an verage it gives a speed of 2 to 2.3 mbps while downloading.,Router,145
34463,3,Signal strength is not consistent.... Over all good,Router,51
34464,3,Working well ☺️😁,Router,16
34465,1,Nice Product.,Router,13
34466,5,Gd,Router,2
34467,1,Very good,Router,9
34468,4,Nice product,Router,12
34469,5,Not Bad.,Router,8
34470,1,Good product 👍,Router,14
34471,5,Good item.,Router,10
34472,4,Excellent product,Router,17
34473,5,Good,Router,4
34474,5,Super,Router,5
34475,5,Value for money,Router,15
34476,5,Nice,Router,4
34477,5,No major difference between single band and dual band router. I have used TP link 300 mbps single band router and now i am using D link 750 mbps dual band router. Network speed is quite similar. Overall build quality is good.,Router,225
34478,4,Satisfied,Router,9
34479,5,This not exact router which I was looking for. Still low network speed due to it's maximum speed 100mbps.,Router,105
34480,1,Good Product.,Router,13
34481,5,Nice,Router,4
34482,5,In short range it will work properly,Router,36
34483,5,Good product,Router,12
34484,5,Excellent,Router,9
34485,5,Best,Router,4
34486,4,I am not satisfied,Router,18
34487,4,"It has been a trusted brand for me... Using D-link router since 2014 without any issue... This one too is rocking... Using it for last 25days No signal dropped since started , best for home use.",Router,194
34488,3,Awesome product,Router,15
34489,4,Not up to the mark Only supports 4 devices before latency drops over WiFi (counting all the devices connected to it on both bands wirelessly) Been using it by lan for gaming due to latency drops Glitchy UI and have to reload the same page multiple times to confirm a command The schedule feature does not work on Mac address filter (hopefully will be sorted in updates) You cannot assign specific speed to specific Mac addresses the main purpose I bought it for. 5ghz is a scam this bandwidth is...,Router,498
34490,5,Good,Router,4
34491,3,Awesome 😎,Router,9
34492,5,"Writing this review after one month of usagt, it's decent in this price tag. Good to go",Router,87
34493,5,Nice product,Router,12
34494,5,Good,Router,4
34495,2,This dual band router is good in all aspects but only concern is the range of 5GHz band. Very easy to install & configure.,Router,122
34496,5,Excellent,Router,9
34497,4,Nice product 👍,Router,14
34498,1,Nice product but need to update firmware after purchase,Router,55
34499,5,Fantastic Product. Working properly. Easy installation. This is a must buy,Router,74
34500,4,Awesome,Router,7
34501,4,"Just osam, and range also good",Router,30
34502,4,Superb product. Nice range,Router,26
34503,4,"So far the speed looks good, with 2.4ghz in bedrooms and 5ghz in the hall or drawing where the router is placed is a good feature..hope this shall continue. It's all about where you place the router",Router,198
34504,2,I am ordering one more today for my friend even he liked it,Router,59
34505,5,GOOD,Router,4
34506,4,Nice product!!  Now it is available Of 5G  Good,Router,47
34507,4,Super quality n good product,Router,28
34508,5,Very good quality and it is working fine. anyone go for it who needs upto 700 mbps speed and dual band in this price value for money.,Router,133
34509,5,Great Product. A must buy for each and every purpose. Highly satisfied with it,Router,78
34510,5,"this is the cheapest dual-band WiFi that I could found. the set-up process is very simple and this is a very fast router. If you have devices that support a 5GHz band this is a very good investment. There is venting on the router to manage heat and when used extensively this could heat up. the build quality is good, but the power adaptor is cheap looking. Please note that is not a modem but a WiFi router.",Router,408
34511,5,Good range go for it one best in this price,Router,43
34512,4,Good dual band router delivered within 1day😍,Router,44
34513,5,Nice,Router,4
34514,5,"Stopped working within 2 montjs, no clarity on warranty claims",Router,62
34515,5,Look's good ..works great,Router,25
34516,5,Very good product,Router,17
34517,5,Product is working fine but wifi range is not good,Router,50
34518,5,Range is low,Router,12
34519,5,Good,Router,4
34520,5,Worth to buy.,Router,13
34521,5,Good product at this range🤘,Router,27
34522,3,Super super working,Router,19
34523,1,Good but range is not enough as mentioned.otherwise it's good,Router,61
34524,5,Not working properly Even within 20 feet area,Router,45
34525,5,Good,Router,4
34526,3,Superb speed...No fluctuations..... Every thing is depends on your local wifi connection not on router... Its a best router for bachelor's use,Router,142
34527,3,Good product,Router,12
34528,5,Range level is very bad,Router,23
34529,5,Love it,Router,7
34530,4,Wonderful experience,Router,20
34531,4,"I am using it as a router and using almost all the features available. Just go the features once, you will love it. Compared to tplink I am getting a better coverage.",Router,166
34532,1,Nice product,Router,12
34533,1,Overall nice,Router,12
34534,5,This is nice router for home use it have long range and you can use this for 24 hour,Router,84
34535,5,Value for money,Router,15
34536,5,Very good product and amazing range.. fully satisfied,Router,53
34537,3,Gud,Router,3
34538,5,Ok,Router,2
34539,5,Does the job।।।।।।,Router,18
34540,5,Nice,Router,4
34541,5,Very...good I purchased it 1099,Router,31
34542,5,Good product,Router,12
34543,5,Nice product but difficult to set up but product was warking properly,Router,69
34544,5,Not bad,Router,7
34545,5,Don't buy it as it's gets resets automatically when you will switch off.,Router,72
34546,5,super,Router,5
34547,5,Nice router,Router,11
34548,4,Very Good Product..,Router,19
34549,5,Awesome,Router,7
34550,5,Good product,Router,12
34551,5,Good product,Router,12
34552,5,Very nice product you must buy 👍👌,Router,33
34553,5,Problem with PPPoe Connection. It automatically disconnect itself from network. Then I need to reconnect manually. For other type of connection it works good.,Router,158
34554,3,"Nice product. But now after using I would suggest only 2.4Ghz is good enough. Nothing huge difference in Dual band, most of the time I use 2.4 and thats more than enough for my casual use.",Router,188
34555,5,Awesome router .,Router,16
34556,5,Most afford able,Router,16
34557,5,Value for. Money it's good product 💯,Router,36
34558,5,Good product,Router,12
34559,5,Nice,Router,4
34560,5,Good one,Router,8
34561,5,Good product from dlink. It is quite future proof for future high speed internet. Fast delivery from flipkart.,Router,110
34562,3,Very good product. Signal rage 50 mts. Overall okay,Router,51
34563,4,Good quality and speed network not having issue love it,Router,55
34564,5,fabulous...........giving review after using 2 months,Router,53
34565,5,Coverage radius is only 5m on 5ghz ...,Router,38
34566,5,Excellent Product,Router,17
34567,4,Very bad product......device is very slow......rust product,Router,59
34568,4,Best and worth product,Router,22
34569,5,Gud,Router,3
34570,5,Nice ☺️,Router,7
34571,5,I love this product,Router,19
34572,5,Working Is good,Router,15
34573,4,"Very good router, getting superb internet speed without hitch",Router,61
34574,4,Good 👍,Router,6
34575,5,Just wow,Router,8
34576,1,Very good. I am just upgraded router. It's dual band,Router,52
34577,5,Good item,Router,9
34578,4,Verry good,Router,10
34579,4,Good Product,Router,12
34580,5,Range is good 👍 there is no issue of hanging..,Router,46
34581,3,Good,Router,4
34582,5,Fabulous👍👍👍,Router,11
34583,5,Awesome,Router,7
34584,5,Superb product,Router,14
34585,5,Best product,Router,12
34586,4,I hope this will be a good product because I just purchased this product. I can recommend this after using this.,Router,112
34587,5,Very good,Router,9
34588,5,Best,Router,4
34589,5,Good product 👍,Router,14
34590,5,Nice product,Router,12
34591,5,Very good,Router,9
34592,5,Good Product,Router,12
34593,3,Awesome Product. Awesome range of both bands.,Router,45
34594,5,Nice product..... 2.4ghz band is same as 2antena single band router...... 5ghz for high speed internet but 5ghz range is very short..... Overall nice product.....,Router,162
34595,3,Grt.. its working gud.. nice product,Router,36
34596,5,Value for money.,Router,16
34597,5,Not satisfactory at all..... Most of the times it shows no internet,Router,67
34598,5,Good and perfect,Router,16
34599,5,Good,Router,4
34600,4,nice,Router,4
34601,5,"Superb but also it's not working sometimes so I request to Flipkart to improve this ok but is super I allow this I am saying truly please you Also rate this product, review and photo I want to see your review also  Thankyou",Router,223
34602,5,"The cheap and best product on this router, and his product configure with all the broadband and mobile network. Say that this product is very good to all purposes.",Router,163
34603,5,Very superb product. I really satisfied,Router,39
34604,5,Good,Router,4
34605,5,Value of money.,Router,15
34606,1,Awesome product. If you need a router plz go for this one.,Router,58
34607,5,Good,Router,4
34608,5,Wonderful product from D-link....Thanks to Flipkart for delivering it on time.....,Router,82
34609,5,Good product 👍,Router,14
34610,5,Awesome router Pros :- High range connection No lag High speed net connection,Router,77
34611,5,Range is not that great,Router,23
34612,5,Good,Router,4
34613,4,Great product. Go for it.,Router,25
34614,5,Range is near about 30 mtrs. But router indicator is not working properly.,Router,74
34615,5,Good working. Internet speed is awesome. Item is ok.,Router,52
34616,5,Nice product 👍,Router,14
34617,5,Product stopped working in 1 month,Router,34
34618,4,"Currently using it, very stable connection in both bands, previously I was using a 150mpbs router with my 75mpbs connection but after using this router I found significant increase in speed and this was primarily I intended to switch to a higher speed router.",Router,259
34619,5,Range is very low And it supports on 92 Mbps very bad experience,Router,64
34620,3,Osem products,Router,13
34621,5,Good,Router,4
34622,5,After using 20 days I'm given this review..Please don't waste your money...It's absolutely rubbish router.. Sometimes automatically disconnected...2.4GHz channel having issue...,Router,177
34623,3,Not set for bsnl RJ11 not suitable before buy pls checked to connecting of your line its RJ11 or RJ 45,Router,102
34624,5,"2.4 GHz is quite good. Suitable for 4 bhk. However, 5 GHz performance is average.",Router,81
34625,4,Ok not bad this price range,Router,27
34626,2,Fantastic product,Router,17
34627,5,Nice Product,Router,12
34628,3,Very good and very nice,Router,23
34629,5,Very good,Router,9
34630,5,Nice,Router,4
34631,2,Good 👍,Router,6
34632,1,THE ROUTER SOFTWARE IS NOT GOOD.,Router,32
34633,5,Good,Router,4
34634,2,Working absolutely fine. Just go for it...,Router,42
34635,5,"Awesome product to buy, covers good range",Router,41
34636,5,Very simple and easy to configure. My purpose was solved with Wi-Fi,Router,67
34637,5,I am very happy,Router,15
34638,5,Good,Router,4
34639,5,Range and speed is awesome,Router,26
34640,5,Range is good but sometimes signal drops,Router,40
34641,3,Very nice product.. Happy with it 😀😀😀,Router,37
34642,4,Product is very good in all respect,Router,35
34643,5,Super cool 🆒🆒🆒🆒,Router,15
34644,5,Super speed and 150 mbps converted to 750 mbps so increasing internet spped,Router,75
34645,5,Nice product,Router,12
34646,5,Lovely Product,Router,14
34647,5,Nicee,Router,5
34648,5,It's good product,Router,17
34649,3,Good,Router,4
34650,5,"Great for everyday home use, provides stable and good internet",Router,62
34651,5,Very nice product. No issue till date.,Router,38
34652,5,"Product is good, but setting are very complicated, not a user friendly item.",Router,76
34653,5,Nice...,Router,7
34654,4,Best product but In low budget but short range purpose 2 mode 2.5 and 5 ghZ,Router,75
34655,5,value for money,Router,15
34656,5,Goood product Value for money 💰💰,Router,32
34657,4,Good,Router,4
34658,3,NIC and supper,Router,14
34659,5,Very nice,Router,9
34660,4,Good product and awesome delivery by flipkart,Router,45
34661,3,Working so well,Router,15
34662,5,Nice product,Router,12
34663,5,Nice,Router,4
34664,4,"Really its a good router, Its quality is beyound our expectation. I shall advice to buy this router for home as well as office purposes.",Router,136
34665,5,Good and safety packing with product. On time delivery,Router,54
34666,5,Router is not working properly since i received,Router,47
34667,5,"Review after 2 months of use. Not as per the mark. Connection is not stable. Getting disconnected everyday in a frequent cycle. I am having 100mbps plan but i am not getting speed as per the plan.When checked by connecting to laptop and running Run command, Its found that router is not stable and its loosing connectivity.",Router,323
34668,5,The product is properly delivered on my place. And flipkart is proper product ad time to delivery product thanks you,Router,116
34669,5,Working better and worth it using since 6months,Router,47
34670,5,Very much happy with it,Router,23
34671,5,Range is very low,Router,17
34672,5,Bed signal renge,Router,16
34673,5,Very gud,Router,8
34674,5,Really good product at this price...wifi range is more than as expected...,Router,74
34675,1,Very good product.,Router,18
34676,1,Good,Router,4
34677,5,Good,Router,4
34678,5,Good Product,Router,12
34679,4,pathetic experience !!! Will suggest not to buy this product.,Router,61
34680,2,Not a good product,Router,18
34681,1,Superb router performance,Router,25
34682,4,Good product,Router,12
34683,5,Wow,Router,3
34684,5,5ghz Band signal is very weak. Rest Everything is Good.,Router,55
34685,4,Excellent,Router,9
34686,4,good,Router,4
34687,5,I am writing this review about DLink DIR-819 after using three months.  Please do not buy this router. This router having very frequently network drop problem.,Router,159
34688,1,"Gives better signal compared to TP Link 841. I have 2 TP Link 841 and this D-Link router. This one is better than them and has got good wall penetration power. Passes 50% signal through 10 Inch thick Slab towards ground floor. Having used wifi routers for 6 years now, I have kept fair expectation from this and its working fine for last 2 months after purchase and I am satisfied. It has got 3 antenas and supports duel band with 5Ghz giving high quality less power signal when you are nearby th...",Router,499
34689,1,Good,Router,4
34690,4,GOOD,Router,4
34691,4,Too good 😘😘😘,Router,12
34692,5,Good products 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻,Router,22
34693,4,Good Product,Router,12
34694,5,Quality is good but the network coverage is not upto the mark,Router,61
34695,5,Ok,Router,2
34696,1,Unstable Wifi Connection.,Router,25
34697,4,The best product from d link... Also works as signal extender.,Router,62
34698,3,Good,Router,4
34699,5,Good product so far..,Router,21
34700,5,Good,Router,4
34701,4,Performance not satisfactory,Router,28
34702,5,After using 2 month. the router need to reset everytime. it is always not capturing the ip address of internet.,Router,111
34703,3,Good,Router,4
34704,3,Excellent quality,Router,17
34705,1,Budget friendly .. Awesome product,Router,34
34706,5,Very good product every one by this item..,Router,42
34707,5,Work awesome but according to paper it is written as 40to 50 meter range but if there is wall i front you then is may or may not give long distance. It range is 20 to 30meter in real,Router,182
34708,4,Nice,Router,4
34709,5,"This product only worked for 6 months. After that it is lying spoilt. Spoke to the customer care after waiting on line for 1 hr. They said to bring it to the service center. If I had the time to for so, then I would have purchased this device also from a store. Y would I do it online. Worst experience. Pay such a lot and only get 6 months out of it.",Router,351
34710,1,I thought its range is good but not so good,Router,43
34711,1,Good Product,Router,12
34712,5,"Working nice good product overall, no heating issues ( work 24/7) good purchase",Router,79
34713,5,I believe i received a defective product. It has been 3 months only and the product has so many technical faults. Not able to reset either.,Router,139
34714,5,Flipkart was produced delivery is amazing....but d link renge is too low as per as other device....,Router,99
34715,5,Average,Router,7
34716,4,Overall performance was good and 5G support is faster than I expected,Router,69
34717,5,Useless product just support for 100mbps connection only. Not recommended,Router,73
34718,5,Till now working fine ....,Router,26
34719,4,Superb,Router,6
34720,5,Excellent coverage of network!,Router,30
34721,4,Good,Router,4
34722,1,Good,Router,4
34723,4,Nice Router and easy set up.,Router,28
34724,4,Its been more than one month and it is working fine.,Router,52
34725,5,Overall its good. But if you open admin portal it just crashes a lot,Router,68
34726,2,"Stopped working after 6 months! 5ghz band is useless, it has basically no range. Over all pretty disappointed with the purchase. Never gonna buy a dlink router.",Router,160
34727,4,Must Buy!!!,Router,11
34728,5,My second router Its a very satisfactory product as wide range with a good connectivity,Router,87
34729,4,Not wirking,Router,11
34730,4,Not up to the mark,Router,18
34731,5,Excellent,Router,9
34732,5,Okay product..settings bit difficult..from Asus phone Mi note9 pro you cannot set from Google,Router,93
34733,5,Good working according to its rate,Router,34
34734,4,"I bought it on 9th july'20, all of a sudden LAN port stopped working, sent it yo service centre, but the issue is not resolved yet, i am really in trouble and dont know when the problem will get fixed..",Router,202
34735,1,It works 24hrs without ny problem n kuddos to flipcart team it reached before 24 hrs .Never expected of such a fast delivary,Router,124
34736,5,"Excellent product, thankq flipkart",Router,34
34737,4,Awesome router at very economical price. As it has dual band. I am using one for my work and the other one for devices in my house. Only draw back is the D-Link app won't support this product. So you need to be hard wired to control the devices connected to the device,Router,268
34738,3,Good,Router,4
34739,3,Nice to make it as a repeater (if you used this as a Repeater you router password must not use any special characters ),Router,119
34740,5,still good and working fine,Router,27
34741,3,super bulid quality....must buy...,Router,34
34742,5,High range router 5ghz,Router,22
34743,2,Good product any one can buy,Router,28
34744,5,Stop working after 8months ..very bad product // Bad service // Bad customer support .,Router,86
34745,5,Good,Router,4
34746,4,Excellent product,Router,17
34747,5,"This device has serious compatibility issue, go with tp link only , do not take risk.",Router,85
34748,5,Osm my internet plan 150mbps. And its osm performance.,Router,54
34749,5,Very very nic product....,Router,25
34750,5,Fail item connect disconnect problem fail item and used product send,Router,68
34751,5,Is of no use ..just a useless Chinese product,Router,45
34752,4,"I am happy with the product, working smoothly, no complaint. using dual band ie. 2.4 GHr and 5 Ghrts. on 50 Gbps wifi broadband. thanks,",Router,136
34753,1,Its pretty good,Router,15
34754,5,Good product,Router,12
34755,5,Excellent Range. I have installed in my home having two floor. Complete coverage in each corner. Just want to say it can penetrate 3-4 walls easily.,Router,148
34756,1,Is it necessary to confirmation router for better speed,Router,55
34757,5,Best available router range is very much good 1000 sqft,Router,55
34758,5,In this price i have good router,Router,32
34759,1,Great product. Good for long range and dual band is best.,Router,57
34760,1,Good quality,Router,12
34761,4,Internet speed keeps on dropping,Router,32
34762,4,good,Router,4
34763,5,Excellent quality,Router,17
34764,5,Good Product,Router,12
34765,4,It is better than my previous 300Mbps router. Got it for 1200. happy with the performance. I have 6-8 devices which are always connected to the router.,Router,151
34766,5,Very nice 👌👌👌👌,Router,14
34767,4,Great,Router,5
34768,5,Excellent range...,Router,18
34769,5,Good product easy installation,Router,30
34770,1,Best router in this price range also Connectivity and Range is super,Router,68
34771,5,"Router is working just fine,love the range of product.its nice",Router,62
34772,5,"Working so well since year, no issues",Router,37
34773,4,Supperb produck,Router,15
34774,4,The system is hard and the version is old,Router,41
34775,5,Very good,Router,9
34776,5,Best service ever,Router,17
34777,5,I am getting good speed and able to cover around 2 bed rooms as well,Router,68
34778,5,We have not received a call or nobody came to collect it. I have registered the next day to return it and accepted as well. Now it is showing that can't return it,Router,162
34779,5,Good,Router,4
34780,4,Just good,Router,9
34781,4,Very bad range. Worst performance compared to TP link.. didn't like it,Router,70
34782,5,"Router set up url address is not properly work maximum time , otherwise wonderful product.",Router,90
34783,2,Great,Router,5
34784,4,Ok .Not so fine,Router,15
34785,5,Very good,Router,9
34786,5,Real product no problem,Router,23
34787,5,Excellent product and worth the price,Router,37
34788,5,Excellent Product. Shows two frequency 2.4 GHz & 5 GHz. Connection with 5 GHz seems very slow compared to 2.4 GHz.,Router,114
34789,3,It is good,Router,10
34790,2,Nice,Router,4
34791,4,Very Very Good Product and Best Wife Range,Router,42
34792,5,Don't know I m using act fiber net service. With 150 Mbps .  Even though it shows I m buffering at 69 to 70bps .never hand. Above 80 or 100 mbps.   I use one lapy one mobile phone. Not so good,Router,192
34793,3,Make and model is good,Router,22
34794,5,"Unbeatable, best buy i ever did, really budget friendly",Router,55
34795,5,Amazing,Router,7
34796,5,"It's a good one, likes👍 it.",Router,27
34797,4,Good Product....... Amazing 👍👍,Router,30
34798,5,Good,Router,4
34799,5,Range not good i accepted 300 meter range but range 60-70 meter,Router,63
34800,1,Good product and worth,Router,22
34801,2,Ok,Router,2
34802,4,Good job I booked another day flipkart delivered my product,Router,59
34803,5,Ok,Router,2
34804,5,Perfect buy,Router,11
34805,4,Mast product hai,Router,16
34806,5,Wifi Range is not that great and Build quailty is like cheap plastic in that price range would have been even More Better,Router,121
34807,4,Very good router,Router,16
34808,2,Value for money Product,Router,23
34809,4,"Best in class...👍👍👍 In dual band segment it is best in terms of price ,wifi range, quality, ## value for money",Router,110
34810,3,Average,Router,7
34811,5,Same product. Loved it,Router,22
34812,5,Within purchase of 6 months it is not working.,Router,46
34813,4,Recommended by me good one 👍,Router,28
34814,4,D-Link provide worst products,Router,29
34815,5,Awesome 😎👍 Router...Good looking ... extreme Range(No Signal weak up to 68 Feet.....I am recommending you to buy such a beautiful router at such a low price....,Router,160
34816,5,It is good but not best . Its range is 10 mtr only,Router,50
34817,5,A very Good product,Router,19
34818,5,Good in general.,Router,16
34819,4,Awesome product...Value of money...,Router,35
34820,5,Not better for fibre Internet lines because proper speed not received,Router,69
34821,1,Nice product,Router,12
34822,4,Good,Router,4
34823,1,Good Router and so far excellent communication received,Router,55
34824,5,Good but not excellent....,Router,26
34825,3,Loved it at a cost of rs. 1000,Router,30
34826,5,D.link Awesome no word can explain ....,Router,39
34827,4,Nice very nice,Router,14
34828,4,Pour quality,Router,12
34829,3,It is a very good product ☺️☺️ 2.4 GHz Range and speed very good ☺️☺️ 5 GHz Range and speed very good ☺️☺️,Router,106
34830,5,Working nicely,Router,14
34831,4,Quality is excellent and range and speed is good,Router,48
34832,5,Nice router beat one,Router,20
34833,4,Getting disconnected when restart,Router,33
34834,5,Had to return. Don't buy,Router,24
34835,3,Good Product and awesome delivery services,Router,42
34836,5,Really Good,Router,11
34837,3,Tgi router is very good in this price bt it has one bad thing the range of this is very weak,Router,92
34838,4,Good one. Provides full speed,Router,29
34839,5,"Don't buy this product, every one of these has internet speed problem, 3 of my friends brought this they're also facing same problem and also my cable operator said that this 750mbpz variant has fault, every one of these has fault",Router,230
34840,5,Good,Router,4
34841,5,Good,Router,4
34842,2,What a lovely router on this price segment🥰🥰,Router,44
34843,1,Nice product,Router,12
34844,5,Thats range is too high😌,Router,24
34845,5,Dlink admin UI is not all good very confusing... Don't understamd need to configure twice one 2.5G and another for 5G... Else range is good... It feels that router sometimes stops the connection and then again resumes after 2 3 mins... Due to which it feels very annoying when you watch TV or connected to VPN...,Router,312
34846,3,It's range is very low.. can't connect between two floors..!!!,Router,62
34847,4,Best Dual Band Router In This Price Range........,Router,49
34848,1,good product,Router,12
34849,5,owsam product,Router,13
34850,4,Nice router and renge in covereg is very good,Router,45
34851,5,"This product offers the advantage of dual band, which looks quite good at this price range. However, 5Ghz band has very limited area coverage because of its high freq. Obstructions damp the signal very fast. 2.4Ghz signal offers good coverage at all corners of the house.",Router,271
34852,5,osm,Router,3
34853,5,Good,Router,4
34854,3,Good,Router,4
34855,2,Nice product,Router,12
34856,5,In less than 4 months the router has stopped working. Does not let you access the web UI interface neither does it reset back to factory settings. All stopped working. Have raised a warranty complaint but let's see don't seem to have lots of hope from D-Link. Worst ever product I ever got ☹️,Router,292
34857,5,It's one of the best product using it from 2 years... Highly recommended,Router,72
34858,3,Nice product....,Router,16
34859,5,Very bar product please don't bye it...i changed 1 time but i faced same problem,Router,80
34860,5,Product is really great. Configuration also made easy with auto settings,Router,72
34861,5,Bad product wifi range not good,Router,31
34862,5,Super,Router,5
34863,5,2.4 GHz 5. GHz Dual band Router,Router,31
34864,5,Excellent,Router,9
34865,1,Very easy to use. Comfortable. Range is satisfactory. Probably the best router in this price.,Router,93
34866,5,NYC product,Router,11
34867,5,Lovely,Router,6
34868,1,Nice,Router,4
34869,4,Nice,Router,4
34870,1,Good looking and smart working experience,Router,41
34871,5,Very good,Router,9
34872,4,Working fine,Router,12
34873,5,Very gud speed and long range,Router,29
34874,5,Good one,Router,8
34875,4,Good 👍,Router,6
34876,5,Too good,Router,8
34877,4,Speed was less,Router,14
34878,4,Good product,Router,12
34879,5,Bad,Router,3
34880,5,Very good,Router,9
34881,4,Genuine product and perfect service from Flipkart,Router,49
34882,5,Good,Router,4
34883,4,"Internet get disconnected after device get rebooted, i have to reset the device every time to gain internet again.",Router,114
34884,5,Connection weak and configuration hard to control limit,Router,55
34885,5,It is good. And range is also fine.,Router,35
34886,1,I am able to connect to current generation mobiles but not to desktop,Router,69
34887,5,Good mbs,Router,8
34888,1,It’s good product,Router,17
34889,3,Good speed,Router,10
34890,5,Excellent performance 🤠😁,Router,24
34891,4,super,Router,5
34892,2,NOT OK ..PERFORMANCE NOT AT PAR,Router,31
34893,1,Faulty product. Manufacturing defect,Router,36
34894,4,Nice product love it,Router,20
34895,3,Worth buying,Router,12
34896,3,Nice range and I am using it for Raliwire Wifi.,Router,47
34897,4,Best quality best Speed,Router,23
34898,5,Wifi range is very less,Router,23
34899,5,After using two months I realised it was big mistake of mine to buy this worst router. It is not able to give WiFi near this. Very slow connectivity and worst.,Router,159
34900,5,Superb product,Router,14
34901,2,Nice speed,Router,10
34902,1,Bad product.. Go with TP or other brands,Router,40
34903,5,"It's almost 6 months I bought this , it's working great . But one thing it takes a little bit extra time to get connected",Router,121
34904,5,As expected..,Router,13
34905,5,Good,Router,4
34906,5,Good,Router,4
34907,3,Bad product,Router,11
34908,1,Very Nice product & Good Connectivity,Router,37
34909,3,"Qos engine is not user friendly, lan connection failure",Router,55
34910,5,Good Product for valuable Price,Router,31
34911,1,Awesome product,Router,15
34912,5,Good range and speed with dual band,Router,35
34913,5,Nice product with premium look,Router,30
34914,5,"Thanks to Flipkart nice packing ,timely delivery working good.",Router,62
34915,3,nice,Router,4
34916,3,Good,Router,4
34917,5,Awesome,Router,7
34918,1,Good router in this price range,Router,31
34919,5,Expert Choice,Router,13
34920,5,Osam producet,Router,13
34921,5,I bought this product in the month of July 2019. It's been 6 months only now it is not working. I am fed up with the product. I want to return this product but there is no way returning it. My money is gone.,Router,207
34922,4,Unable to login to router by using the application or mobile. Only able to login to router using computer/laptop url,Router,116
34923,5,I used it 1 month. Good product. Tnkz you flipcurt.,Router,51
34924,5,I have been using the d link 600m router for the past 2 years. Due to its limited range I have updated to 819 router. But able to get the same range with this router also. Not a big difference with the range. Very dissapointed.,Router,227
34925,4,Super fast delivery very good product in this price range go for it love you flipkart...,Router,88
34926,4,Range is not as expected.,Router,25
34927,5,Range is too low,Router,16
34928,5,Good router.,Router,12
34929,5,It's very good product and fully paisa wasool device. Sometimes it's 5ghz network flactuate but otherwise it's very useful. I liked it very much and using 3 month till now it's best buy product.,Router,194
34930,1,Product was good but the packing of the item was not in desired.,Router,64
34931,1,Good,Router,4
34932,5,Not satisfying.... Low range signal,Router,35
34933,3,good,Router,4
34934,5,Yes it is very good product and speed is very good,Router,50
34935,4,Price varies time to time But for below 1500 it is a good product,Router,65
34936,4,Good product,Router,12
34937,4,Work Good😍,Router,10
34938,4,"After 4 months,I'm writing my review. Most of the times it's not showing 2.4G band. couple of time,I reset it. Please don't go with this product",Router,144
34939,5,Nice,Router,4
34940,5,nice,Router,4
34941,1,It works awesome for me. It enhance the range also for 5gh the range is quite good. Face some issue while configuration to static ip but after that it works fine.,Router,162
34942,4,Best,Router,4
34943,5,Automatic Reset,Router,15
34944,4,Nice,Router,4
34945,4,"Excellent product. Setup was easy. Been using it from past 2 months and have not faced a single issue be it range or consistence. D-Link (Taiwanese company) is much better than tp-link, tenda and other chinese routers which fail within few months of purchase (had a bad experience with my earlier tp-link purchased offline). Router pairs perfectly with Cuzor CZ-01A-12 for power backup in case of power outage.",Router,410
34946,5,Nice product,Router,12
34947,1,Good,Router,4
34948,1,"amazing product, the quality of the product is perfect , service provided by flipkart is excellent. It also has warranty of 3 years and you can also get servicing of your product if the product is in warranty period. thank you flipkart",Router,235
34949,5,"After using 1 month 27 days- now it is very bad, the router is creating more issue to connect the modem, after restaring it 4-5 times, then it connect with modem. When you switch off the power and switch on the power again, then it will not conet with modem.  If any one can help me ,please let me know. I suggest don't buy this device.  I talked to customer care and he helped me to configure the router now I m feeling this is good.  Please buy this and ask for configuration from customer.",Router,492
34950,5,"Speed is good, but range is not good, but worth buying it.",Router,58
34951,4,Good!,Router,5
34952,2,Very good range,Router,15
34953,5,Great product.... awesome range,Router,31
34954,5,Best and speed net work,Router,23
34955,5,Excellent product loved it,Router,26
34956,5,Nice very march,Router,15
34957,5,Router range is just awesome. Go for it.,Router,40
34958,4,satisfied with this products,Router,28
34959,4,worth of money,Router,14
34960,5,very nice superb product. Wifi Range is very Good. Best Dual Band wifi Router in Budget. Go for it,Router,98
34961,5,Very good product in best price Personaly recommend buy this product,Router,68
34962,5,absolute trash worked just 1 year with a lot of issues its really sad to see Dlink having such a bad performance,Router,112
34963,4,This is the best i have used till yet. I have 75mbps plan and on 2.4ghz i get 70mbps download and upload and on 5ghz i get 76 to 80mbps download... Value for miney.. Must buy this,Router,179
34964,5,"The router works well. The 5G channel works only in Line of Sight devices. 2.4G has a wider range but mostly range is limited. Although full signal may show as available in wider range, it only works best in a 800 sq.ft surrounding. Hence the 4 star rating.",Router,257
34965,5,Good,Router,4
34966,5,Good,Router,4
34967,4,Nice product☺️,Router,14
34968,5,Good,Router,4
34969,5,Nice 😃,Router,6
34970,5,Awesome routers,Router,15
34971,1,Very good product with good signals,Router,35
34972,5,Delivery time is good,Router,21
34973,4,Good,Router,4
34974,3,Good,Router,4
34975,5,Very strong,Router,11
34976,4,Ok,Router,2
34977,5,Good Product,Router,12
34978,5,Veryyy bad experience Worse product Biggest mistake from company to manufacture this type product,Router,97
34979,5,Good one,Router,8
34980,5,"Shitest router ever , increases ping.",Router,37
34981,5,not working with GTPL connection,Router,32
34982,5,"Everything is good. I am using from past 15 days. Coverage area is good for 2.4Ghz but not for 5Ghz. There is no app to it to change settings or to know how much data we consumed or to know how many devices are connected. They will provide you a website where you can change settings but website is not at all good. You need to refresh everytime you change the setting. When compared to this, MI router is best to manage the router easily but dlink provides you 3 years warranty and we know dlink ...",Router,500
34983,5,Very bad... Router stopped working less than an year.. don't buy.. watse of money,Router,81
34984,5,Absolutely working good,Router,23
34985,3,It's good product.,Router,18
34986,5,d link routers are best,Router,23
34987,1,Thank,Router,5
34988,4,"Easily, one of the best routers there. Good range - covers 3 bhk flat with good internet speed.",Router,95
34989,1,Duel band.. Working great.,Router,26
34990,3,I have installed this router in my 2bhk house and the range is only till my hall where it is installed. No better than my modem. This is when I am using 2.5 ghz band,Router,165
34991,4,No issues till now.,Router,19
34992,1,Very good router using for 3 - 4 months but not a single issue have been faced I turn it on at 8o clock morning and I turn it off at 12 at night still it doesn't gets heated up,Router,176
34993,4,Not good,Router,8
34994,5,Good,Router,4
34995,5,Range is not good.Otherwise product is good .,Router,45
34996,5,I purchase this in Month Dec 2020. It going well. It have two bands both band excellent working. I am using it for 1BHK. Good product.,Router,134
34997,5,Good,Router,4
34998,5,They are not providing updated version,Router,38
34999,1,Excellent product and perfect delivery by flipkart,Router,50
35000,5,"Signal strength is very poor just 15 to 20 ft , don't buy",Router,57
35001,4,Super,Router,5
35002,2,Bad waste of money,Router,18
35003,4,I had purchased this router for Rs.950 and have been using it for over a year now. Till now the performance has been quite good. WiFi range and speed are quite good. I easily recommend this to anyone looking fro a dual band router under Rs.1500.,Router,245
35004,3,Waste of of money..!!,Router,21
35005,5,Good one .. working well,Router,24
35006,5,It's best router and it is best for home us👍👍👍👍👍,Router,48
35007,1,Good product. Good range.,Router,25
35008,5,It is good product.After using this now am getting the exact speed of my internet.,Router,82
35009,2,Awesome,Router,7
35010,5,"Coverage not as expected, no signals at 1bhk balcony",Router,52
35011,1,Good,Router,4
35012,5,Dual Band frequency is super,Router,28
35013,1,It's like reusable item sent to me.,Router,35
35014,4,Its not at all a good product you will have re-start it twice after starting you optic fiber pon it takes time to route and connect u to internet,Router,145
35015,5,Network snaps when room is closed even though it is hardly 10 to 20 meters away.,Router,80
35016,5,Best,Router,4
35017,4,The product is not working,Router,26
35018,5,good,Router,4
35019,2,Nice and fast Good range coverage,Router,33
35020,4,Device is too much slow and not connecting more then 3 connection. I am feeling very sad after buying this,Router,106
35021,5,"Very bad experience from D-Link...It is a faulty router....on a 3rd moth of purchase it is not working.  1. Power light start blinking anytime and the router goes offline, it goes out of range for all the wireless and wired devices. 2. Wi-Fi range is very poor...geeting poor range in 5+ meter distance with 5Ghz connection. 3. No Firmware update, the current firmware is also faulty, not showing the status and sessions information.  Basically its a very poor product both Hardware and Software.",Router,496
35022,3,Speed is good . Frequency is good .but some it doesn't show network.,Router,68
35023,1,Very good product,Router,17
35024,3,Very good,Router,9
35025,5,Nice product,Router,12
35026,1,Very good,Router,9
35027,4,Very bad,Router,8
35028,5,Average speed doesnt gives speed on wifi goes upto 80mbps max,Router,61
35029,1,Good product,Router,12
35030,1,Sometimes Router automatically Restart,Router,38
35031,4,Working great. Great buy,Router,24
35032,5,Bad experience this product,Router,27
35033,5,Good,Router,4
35034,5,That's awesome,Router,14
35035,5,"Very good router if yoir internet connection is upto 100Mbps, just make sure the router configuration/setup is done properly.  Note: This will not support internet speeds higher than 100Mbps. For 200Mbps - 1Gbps connections better to go for a Gigabit router.",Router,258
35036,1,Nice one,Router,8
35037,3,"It's too light weight, doesn't give feel of durable, Everything is ok but range is very low, 5Ghz range is 4,5 m only, and 2.4Ghz range is not so good as others routers",Router,168
35038,3,Good product. It is simple to setup. You don't know this is my 2 nd router same model & same company one is for shop purpose and another one is for home. Thankyou for Flipkart and D-link.,Router,187
35039,3,Dont buy it,Router,11
35040,5,Excellent product,Router,17
35041,1,Best product,Router,12
35042,4,Good product for average Indian homes 👍,Router,39
35043,4,"I byed before two months, its working without issue. Good product",Router,65
35044,5,Iam satisfied,Router,13
35045,4,good product,Router,12
35046,3,Excellent,Router,9
35047,5,Happy with this product,Router,23
35048,1,Nice product Good range but 5ghz not supported my phone I am very sad,Router,69
35049,5,5ghz Short frequency... Very bad,Router,32
35050,4,Ok good,Router,7
35051,5,Very good service this product.... Thanks Flipkart....,Router,54
35052,5,Worst product don't buy having problems since the day I bought this even got it replaced after 7 days of purchase but no good replacement was also the same waste of money,Router,170
35053,5,Very good product,Router,17
35054,5,Very nice product.just go for it.,Router,33
35055,5,Perfect for this price range,Router,28
35056,4,it's been a while I'm using that and the experience is good..... nothing to worry about... good speed good range buy it,Router,119
35057,5,Good,Router,4
35058,3,Im using it since 1 month the dlink router is the best one i suggest this router to take if you are looking range one should compulsory go for it....,Router,149
35059,3,Excellent working,Router,17
35060,5,Worth to its price.,Router,19
35061,1,High quality product as compare to its price.,Router,45
35062,5,"range problem. signal not catch properly. worst product ever. I'm using it last 4 months, and suffering from these problems a lot.",Router,130
35063,5,Worst product,Router,13
35064,5,Excellent,Router,9
35065,5,Looses PPPoE connection,Router,23
35066,5,"Good range, no issue till date",Router,30
35067,5,Good for mid sized homes.,Router,25
35068,5,It is good,Router,10
35069,5,Till now very good. Working excellently. Correct valuation may be done after a year.,Router,84
35070,5,Very good,Router,9
35071,1,It's easy to use and best router in this budget .,Router,49
35072,1,Good one,Router,8
35073,5,It hang sometimes when power off/on done.,Router,41
35074,1,"I have purchased 2 months ago , after 2 month i am giving this review 1. Wifi range nice 2. Dual band Wifi 2.4 and 5Ghz 3. Download & Upload speed is best 4. Build quality awesome",Router,179
35075,5,Its a good router with decent price. I think this is the only dualband router available under 1.2k. Wifi range also decent.,Router,123
35076,5,Nice but range decreased by day to day,Router,38
35077,4,Best price,Router,10
35078,5,My experience with this is gud no issue found using from 3 months.. got it for around 1k..,Router,90
35079,5,Good performance,Router,16
35080,5,Good,Router,4
35081,5,Signal distortion,Router,17
35082,3,This is not sufficient to my plan,Router,33
35083,5,Good range. Good Connectivity,Router,29
35084,5,Best price,Router,10
35085,4,GOOD,Router,4
35086,5,Very good,Router,9
35087,5,Wrost ever,Router,10
35088,5,Range is not that far as per the three antennas just like previous 1 antenna,Router,76
35089,4,Good product . Must buy,Router,23
35090,1,Superb,Router,6
35091,5,Setup of this router sucks but router is good.,Router,46
35092,4,Totally Waste of money,Router,22
35093,5,Superb .nothing a single negative comments for this product,Router,59
35094,4,Works effectively. Can cover upto 150sqwards And thanks for flipkart for fastest delivery. With in 2 days,Router,105
35095,5,Not for BSNL BROADBAND ( BHARATH FIBER),Router,39
35096,2,Please don't buy router gets auto disconnect very half hour  Even this problem is with all the users I know,Router,107
35097,1,Good product...,Router,15
35098,5,"Range is good only, after two walls block speed get reduced drastically. Turn off the Bluetooth while using wifi, since both use 2.4 GHz it reduces the speed. Good for 2BHK, ensure to place router where wall blocks are minimum.",Router,227
35099,5,"Been 15 days,Pretty good router!No issues!I get signal all acrossmy home!",Router,73
35100,4,Product is good and it this price range we are getting dual band router is a great deal.,Router,88
35101,1,Nice and good product,Router,21
35102,5,Nice,Router,4
35103,4,Super performance,Router,17
35104,3,Fast delivery Good. Excellent working,Router,37
35105,1,Nice product,Router,12
35106,5,Superb,Router,6
35107,4,Very poor product new Wi-Fi D Link router is not properly work very bad product,Router,79
35108,5,Product is very very good,Router,25
35109,5,It's good,Router,9
35110,5,Take more time for starting and supplying data connection,Router,57
35111,4,Nice,Router,4
35112,5,I don't know why but this is not as good as I expected The 2.4 ghz wifi range is pretty low as compare to tp link and other routers..,Router,133
35113,5,"awesome,works as expected..",Router,27
35114,4,Range is very poor. Hardly get any network for above/below floor.,Router,65
35115,4,"Good product, specific speed achieved with dual band.",Router,53
35116,1,"I return this product but they denied they are not excepted and they replace tjis product but are not refund the money only relplacement facility are there it is a bad thing because i like this product but my laptop are not supported this tyoe of ports and in my area ethernet wire are not available in this area that,'s why i return this product and i buy some other product but they refuse ... Its really bad for customers",Router,424
35117,4,This product is very good it is very use Full I like it and I am so happy❤️❤️❤️ all buyers purchase this item ❤️,Router,112
35118,5,Very very poor quality,Router,22
35119,1,Nice quality and very first network Overall good👍👍,Router,50
35120,5,The worst wifi router i had ever seen... the range is very low ... its range is similar to tenda 301 whose price is just 600 or 700... sometimes the router restarts itself... so if u r looking for a router which is good in range then dont buy this one..,Router,253
35121,3,Osm,Router,3
35122,5,Product is very good.,Router,21
35123,2,Good,Router,4
35124,4,Good,Router,4
35125,1,Awesome,Router,7
35126,5,Awesome 👍,Router,9
35127,1,Very good,Router,9
35128,4,Osham product,Router,13
35129,1,Only a router does not have inbuilt modem or DSL port,Router,53
35130,5,I am happy.. buy this product,Router,29
35131,5,Writing this review after using this router for a year now. This router gets disconnected every now and then. Very bad signal range and speed.,Router,142
35132,4,Resolved my problem ....working perfect with good coverage . .,Router,62
35133,5,"Better go for TP link in dlink no app to monitor  not easy to configure,  sometimes wifi does not work and then you have just plug an LAN to laptop then it will work",Router,165
35134,5,Great product delivered on time.,Router,32
35135,4,Nice in this price band,Router,23
35136,5,Nice... Good sirf and coverage,Router,30
35137,5,excellent,Router,9
35138,3,Frequency is not up to the mark,Router,31
35139,4,very good,Router,9
35140,1,"Disconnecting frequently, I should have gone through the reviews thoroughly :( Believe me and go for other router!",Router,114
35141,4,As A Expected Speed Gives Fast 5G It's Cover My Whole Bunglow Wireless Network Internet Speed around 1950Sqft....,Router,113
35142,3,Good,Router,4
35143,5,Nice product,Router,12
35144,4,Good product at this price range,Router,32
35145,5,Very good product. Definitly go for it. And I got a very fast delivery #3 days earlier than the listed date. And this router cover a very good range.,Router,149
35146,5,Worst product,Router,13
35147,2,It does provide good speed in the same room but it does not have good coverage. Coverage of my single band dual antenna router is much better than this. I will not recommend it as it doesn't have enough coverage.,Router,212
35148,4,Totally satisfied with this Router. Works perfectly as expected. No connection issue. Really useful dual band wifi. Go for it.,Router,126
35149,2,"Issue some time of reconnecting.. but overall the product is great for signal strength and it had modes low,medium and high you can choose it. you can use this as a extender alo.. overall product is good..",Router,205
35150,5,"It's a really awesome one. We can buy for a small house, fixed at hall in my 1bhk 5GHz been covering my entire Home. 5Ghz range is little disappointment. Where speed is as expected per my allocated Bandwidth. Yes no hesitation in buying it, purely 4* for the performance and little disappointment with the 5G Hz range.",Router,318
35151,3,No support of this legacy device. Dont buy it. if you just want to use as normal router for <10 Mbps connection then fine. Else it is complete waste of money. you cannot use it as a proper repeater(or range extender) if you want to couple if with another router to extend the range.,Router,282
35152,5,It's range is not that much good...,Router,35
35153,5,"It only works 1 band, 5Ghz band is not working, it disconnects automatically.",Router,77
35154,5,We are having an issue with the software,Router,40
35155,1,"5 GHz is connecting only to laptops and PCs, that too high data transfer can be seen in vicinity of router. Whereas 2.5 GHz one connect is in the whole house.",Router,158
35156,2,Nice looking.,Router,13
35157,5,Offers good coverage and connectivity options also is also pretty apt in this price,Router,83
35158,5,Good,Router,4
35159,4,5ghz not working 😕,Router,18
35160,1,The device fulfilled my needs. But the piece I received was manufactured in 2016. So out of the box the firmware used is old. Felt bad. During holiday sales companies just cheat and you realise the problem only after use.,Router,221
35161,3,Ok,Router,2
35162,1,Nice,Router,4
35163,1,Great option for home use,Router,25
35164,5,Automatically disconnects. No internet issues. Worst Router. Go for the TP LINK or Netgear instead.,Router,99
35165,3,It is working fine,Router,18
35166,4,Good product,Router,12
35167,3,Excellent product,Router,17
35168,1,Good product,Router,12
35169,4,Normal ..chif,Router,13
35170,3,Working good nice condition but first time i have damage products but second time is good nice products,Router,103
35171,4,"Best in this price range , But it did not support optical fibre cable..",Router,71
35172,5,Working good...,Router,15
35173,1,I have been using this for more than 10 days now & haven't faced any issues.. the WiFi coverage is very good throughout the house.,Router,130
35174,5,Product is average!,Router,19
35175,5,Wrost Product very Bad speed,Router,28
35176,5,No issues noticed when using the product. Does the job,Router,54
35177,4,Nice Router,Router,11
35178,1,I use 2 router but this is the best in range,Router,44
35179,4,"Received after 17 days... The product is worth 5* but delivery was very late, especially in a metropolitan city like Mumbai",Router,123
35180,4,Fully faltoo item,Router,17
35181,5,Working well,Router,12
35182,5,Good,Router,4
35183,3,"After using for 8 months, l can say that it is one of the best Routers.",Router,71
35184,1,Good quality,Router,12
35185,5,No range and cheap quality when i ask to return it flipkart is not accepting my request fail product!,Router,101
35186,4,Good luck,Router,9
35187,5,Excellent,Router,9
35188,3,"Range matching with 2 antenna not 3. 3rd antenna doesn't seems to improve range, otherwise working good",Router,103
35189,1,"It is not 750 mbps, its max speed is only 100 mbps, why you have written 750mbps??",Router,82
35190,5,Superb and excellent Working I use this router for bridge connection from my fiber router,Router,89
35191,5,Expectations not reached,Router,24
35192,5,It's good not too bad. I will suggest to go with the new models.,Router,64
35193,4,Nice,Router,4
35194,2,Worst. Often getting reset,Router,26
35195,5,Nice products in 1300,Router,21
35196,5,Go for it,Router,9
35197,1,Working fine. 5hz range is quite low. Rest is ok,Router,48
35198,2,Best dual band router at this price range.,Router,42
35199,5,"Range is very poor. The 5Ghz signal is not reachable beyond 2m.2.4Ghz too has poor range though much better than the 5Ghz one(7-8m).Regarding the speeds,I get 90Mbps for a 100 Mbps connection for 5ghz while 70mbps in 2.4 ghZ. Disappointed",Router,238
35200,3,Nice product,Router,12
35201,5,Good,Router,4
35202,5,Realy osum... Product best signle range.. 😍😍😍😘,Router,46
35203,1,"Range very good but connectivity is very low, connection are be broken",Router,70
35204,5,Really good router but you need a little bit of knowledge about configuration before set it up. Otherwise it's a really good device. The only problem I felt is there is a slight gap of signal with router and beta converter. If you are ok with it then cheer's.,Router,259
35205,4,Worest Quality,Router,14
35206,4,Good price,Router,10
35207,5,There is no either net cable in the box Very worst delivery,Router,59
35208,3,It is good and covering 900 squremeter flat im each room easily and better speed..,Router,82
35209,5,"This router not working properly ,I am facing sometimes wifi signal drop.",Router,73
35210,3,I like the range of the router. Build quality is not premium but good at this price point .,Router,91
35211,5,Very good router for home and home office. Please go for it if you 're nit heavy user.,Router,86
35212,1,"Got at 1139 , best price ... No need to think. Get. It does worth your penny.",Router,77
35213,4,Ok,Router,2
35214,1,Not bad,Router,7
35215,3,If you are planning to buy in this budget go for tp link because this router does not have its application to control,Router,117
35216,1,The product is ok,Router,17
35217,5,Good one..ordered 2nd time for nephew,Router,37
35218,2,It is agood product in this price,Router,33
35219,5,Good,Router,4
35220,5,A VERY BAD EXPERIENCE THIS TIME I HAD WITH THIS PRODUCT. A TOTALLY WORST PRODUCT WILL BE THE SUITABLE NAME FOR THIS ROUTER. I CHANGED THIS ROUTER TWO TYPES AND BOTH THE TIMES THE ROUTER WAS CORRUPTED FROM ITS SOFTWARE.,Router,218
35221,5,"Defective product received.. after repaired still facing connectivity issue, connection get disabled frequently.",Router,112
35222,5,Good,Router,4
35223,3,Good ❤️,Router,7
35224,3,"Very Good range and pretty good interface. I get only 433 Mbps in 5 ghz, I do not completely understand how they mention the speed. However worth the price. Appreciate the prompt delivery too.",Router,192
35225,4,Good product,Router,12
35226,5,Just Ok. Don't get fooled by reviews.,Router,37
35227,5,Good service..great deal..thank u flipkart,Router,42
35228,3,"product is good, but the range of the product is not soo good. little over price product",Router,88
35229,1,Not working properly. It works sometimes and doesn't work sometimes but it shows all lights. Found the issue after return duration. Can't return and not using.,Router,159
35230,1,Super price i get,Router,17
35231,5,Nice product speed and range very good cover 50 foot area my home,Router,65
35232,5,Excellent work 👌👌👌,Router,18
35233,5,It solves your work from home purpose and take care all of your device with different bands,Router,91
35234,4,It's range quality is good . Better than tp-link archer c50 ac1200 mbps.,Router,72
35235,3,Worst,Router,5
35236,5,i got this 1044. this product is very good..,Router,44
35237,4,Toooo. Bad,Router,10
35238,1,Good products....,Router,17
35239,4,Nice...superb,Router,13
35240,5,Good exalent,Router,12
35241,5,Good,Router,4
35242,4,"After using this router for a month, it get currupted. and now there is no option orher than buying new one.",Router,108
35243,3,This is very bad,Router,16
35244,1,It's a good WiFi for use a mobile,Router,33
35245,5,Good.... Thank you FLIPKART,Router,27
35246,1,Nice product. Fully satisfied,Router,29
35247,5,Good product Good range Good speed,Router,34
35248,5,Great product,Router,13
35249,5,Superb product..Good Range. Of wifi...Able to connect even in the corner of my 3 bedded house. Very happy,Router,105
35250,5,Have been using Dlink routers since ages.. this was a natural upgrade to a dual band.,Router,85
35251,1,Excellent range and good bandwidth articulation. Worth buying,Router,61
35252,1,Not traffic static control wrost router better router is tenda compare to all,Router,77
35253,5,Awesome thanks for introducing this product,Router,43
35254,4,Good one,Router,8
35255,5,"Very Bad Product, 400 bad request err, pls dont purchase, not work",Router,66
35256,4,Product is very good at price,Router,29
35257,5,One of the best worst product I never seen,Router,42
35258,5,Lightning ⚡ Speed Internet..  No Regrets at all,Router,47
35259,4,Good product definitely recommend,Router,33
35260,5,A very good product at this price!,Router,34
35261,2,Nice,Router,4
35262,1,Everything is good but the configuration is very bad it is continuously showing error. Don't buy it it's a horrible product instead go with tp link router,Router,154
35263,4,Nice product,Router,12
35264,1,Superb quality,Router,14
35265,5,Aswme product Thanks,Router,20
35266,1,Worst product keeps getting disconnected .after using 6 months,Router,62
